Dialog id : 1059
Patient : Doctor, I see Spots or clouds in my vision. I can't see anything clearly. I feel helpless.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. I need to ask a few questions to diagnose your disease. Have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : True, I am also dealing with Diminished vision.
Doctor : Do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes, I have got Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : Have you felt Pain in eye?
Patient : Indeed, I am suffering from Pain in eye.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19510
Patient : Doctor, I have Shoulder pain. I feel terrible. Would you please tell me what could be its cause?
Doctor :  I can feel the pain you feel. Let me ask you some questions. Do you have Back pain?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from Back pain.
Doctor : Do you have Low back pain?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Low back pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Neck pain?
Patient : True, I have got Neck pain.
Doctor : OK, are you also suffering from Hip pain?
Patient : Right, I have Hip pain too. Is everything okay, doctor? Am I in danger?
Doctor : Please, don't take tension. Everything has a solution. Tell me, do you feel Ache all over?
Patient : True, I have felt so.
Doctor : Fine, based on these symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25630
Patient : Hi! Doctor, I am suffering from Foreign body sensation in eye. Would you please tell me what could be its cause?
Doctor : Definitely, I will. Per the symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1467
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Low back pain. I can't sleep well because of this, and in the daytime feels lethargic. Please help me. 
Doctor : You are in a lot of pain there, I can feel it. Are you also feeling Back pain ?
Patient : True, I have got Back pain.
Doctor : Alright, have you got Side pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Side pain too.
Doctor : OK. Your symptoms anlaysis suggets that you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 5780
Patient : Doctor, I have been feeling Wrist pain since the previous monday. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : I can get it. It must have been hard for you to endure it.  To find its root cause, let me just proceed with the symptom analysis. Please answer are you feeling Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have been having Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : True, I have got Shoulders cramps or spasms.
Doctor : That hurts me to hear that. Are you having Facial pain?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Facial pain.
Doctor : What about Ankle pain? Do you have that?
Patient : I have got Ankle pain too.
Doctor : Fine, are you experiencing Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : I have suffered from Pain during pregnancy. All these pains are making my life miserable.
Doctor : That sounds a little frightening. Do you feel Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : OK, have you felt Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient :  I have felt the pain too.
Doctor : Have you previously suffered from any severe injury around knee area which has led to Knee lump or mass issue?
Patient : You are totally right, doctor. The previous Monday, I had a severe accident leading to fracturing in my left knee bone joint. From that day onward, my knee movement ability has decreased. Multiple lumps are accumulated around the knee and are still continuously growing in size. I can not even walk properly because of it on my own. I feel so dependent on others.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. I’d feel the same way you do in your situation. This problem is curable, and you will be alright soon. Let me know whether you are also suffering from Excessive urination at night.
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26258
Patient : Hello, doctor! I have got something on my back. Please have a look at it, Skin rash. Sometimes my back hurts a lot. Also, I am having trouble in lying down in bed. Can you tell me what is wrong with me? 
Doctor : I see. I can imagine what you must be going through. It seems like virus rashes issue. Let me know, have you got Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : I have somthing on my fingers please look; see Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness.

Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22733
Patient : Hello! I have been dealing with Depression lately. I feel suicidal because of the pressure of my studies. Can you please help me to get out of this? 
Doctor : Sure, I will. It hurts me to see you like this. Let me just ask you a few questions for better understanding. Are you suffering from heavy Sweating?
Patient : Yes, I have been suffering from excessive Sweating.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Undoubtedly, I have experienced Abnormal involuntary movements. I even struggle to grasp things because of out-of-dream movements. Also, I am suffering from repetitive movement in my legs. Please, suggest a solution to this problem. Right now, I literally feel useless, and my daily life activities have become challenging to perform. 
Doctor : I understand how frustrating it must be to you. Involuntary movements problem is troublesome when it comes to performing daily routines. Lots of medicinal solution is available to cure it. So, you will get well soon. Do you get Fatigued quickly? 
Patient : True, more often. I feel very weak recently. 
Doctor : I get it. Do you get Cough?
Patient : Yes. I Cough consistently.
Doctor : Ok, I think you have sickened with [MASK].
Dialog id : 1564
Patient : Good evening doctor! Nowadays, I have been suffering from Depression. I have lost interest in literally everything. What to do doctor? Please guide me.
Doctor : Yes, I will. I feel so sorry to hear this. Are you also dealing with Shortness of breath recently?
Patient : Yes, I feel Shortness of breath.
Doctor : Alright, do you observe Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : True, sometimes my body movements react in an uncontrolled way.
Doctor : Fine. These symptoms signify that you are having an [MASK] problem.
Dialog id : 29211
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Plugged feeling in ear. I feel very annoyed by this. Please, let me know its cause.
Doctor : I can understand your concerns. Let me ask you some questions, have you observed any Diminished hearing?
Patient : I think so, doctor.
Doctor : Ok, do you feel Ear pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Ear pain. It is not letting me sleep.
Doctor : That must be very painful. Have you seen any Redness in ear? Please show me your ears.
Patient : Please take a look at it, Redness in ear.  
Doctor : I see there is slight redness. Do you feel Dizziness?
Patient : Sometimes, I do feel it.
Doctor : I think your symptoms are pointing towards [MASK].
Dialog id : 26235
Patient : Good morning doctor, I feel Anxiety and nervousness most of the time. I am always shaky in front of people. Please, tell me its cause.
Doctor : I totally get it. You must feel so helpless. Are you dealing with the condition of Abusing alcohol or anything like that?
Patient : Yes, I have been suffering from Abusing alcohol.
Doctor : I understand that. Tell me, are you suffering from Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Then, I guess you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 16427
Patient : Hi doctor. I always feel dizzy nowadays. I can't get to work because of this. Please tell me the cause of my Dizziness?
Doctor : I can understand you might be afraid of fainting. Even I will feel the same in this situation. Let me know, are you suffering from Diminished hearing?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Diminished hearing.
Doctor : OK, do you feel Ringing in ear?
Patient : Sometimes, I feel Ringing in ear.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen or red tonsils? Open your mouth.
Patient : 
I don't know about it please see Swollen or red tonsils. 
Doctor : Your tonsils are a little swelled up. I totally agree with you about facing difficulty in swallowing at this stage. So, your symptoms analysis suggests that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16512
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got an Allergic reaction to my skin. Please treat it. I can't go outside because of this as I feel ashamed of it.
Doctor : I understand your situation. Even I’d feel the same way you do in your situation. So, tell me, are you suffering from Skin rash?
Patient : I don't know please have look at it Skin rash. Please, suggest to me a solution to relieve it.
Doctor : Definitely, I will. I am aware of how itchy feelings can be troublesome sometimes. Please answer. Do you feel Dizziness?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Fine, do you have Nausea too?
Patient : True. I am suffering from Nausea. I feel disgusted as after vomiting, my body smells stingy. What can I do to cure it?
Doctor : I agree; you must have felt annoyed because of that smell. I will provide medication accordingly. So, do not take tension about that. And, are you also suffering from Shortness of breath?
Patient : Nowadays, I am having Shortness of breath problem.
Doctor : Per the symptoms, you have [MASK] problem.
Dialog id : 17308
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Pain or soreness of breast. It has gotten to a point where I can't do any work properly. Please help me. 
Doctor : I wish you didn't have to go through all that. Let me do the symptom investigation first for a better understanding of your issues. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have got Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Nowadays, I have felt Shoulder cramps or spasms.
Doctor : Have you got Facial pain?
Patient : Sometimes, I have Facial pain too.
Doctor : Ok, you have Ankle pain?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Ankle pain.
Doctor : Are you experiencing Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : I have felt Pain during pregnancy. I am agonized by all this pain that I am enduring.
Doctor : That sounds frustrating. Do you have issues like Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes, more often.
Doctor : Alright, have you got the Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Exactly doctor. I am having problem in extending the hand to grasp items.
Doctor : I agree with you; grasping an object might be difficult for you with that hand. Have you got Knee lump or mass problem?
Patient : Right, I have got Knee lump or mass, and as a result, I can't walk properly. Even I am facing trouble in standing up due to imbalance. This condition has made my life a total mess. I want to get rid of it as soon as possible.
Doctor : Oh! that sounds terrible. Knee lumps really are burdensome. I wish you didn't have to go through that hassle. Several treatments are available for knee lumps, so you will get well soon. Let's proceed with further questions. Do you feel Fatigue more often?
Patient : True, I do. I always feel tired and less energized.
Doctor : I can understand that. You for sure have been getting tired while doing simple chores. Tell me, are you suffering from Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Literally, I am dealing with Excessive urination at night too.
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms signify that you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 16360
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Vaginal pain. It is just unbearable, and I am getting cottage cheese-like discharge in the vaginal region. Would you please let me know its cause?
Doctor : Sure, I will. Sounds like you are in lot of pain. Vagina area is highly sensitive. It would be best if you took precautions while dealing with it. To understand your situation better. First, tell me, have you got Nausea?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Nausea.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Occasionally, I feel Sharp chest pain. It feels like someone is stabbing me. 
Doctor : I just feel such despair in you when you talk about this. Such pains are hard to endure. Most probably, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15081
Patient : Hi doctor, I am unable to calm my mind. I always feel the need to move constantly. I think I have Restlessness. Would you please tell me what is wrong with me?
Doctor : For sure, it seems like you are feeling so trapped! It's all in your head. You need to calm your mind and will be alright after that. To dig deeper, let me know are you suffering from Nausea?
Patient : You are totally right doctor.
Doctor : Alright. Have you got Neck stiffness or tightness?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Neck stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Fine. Your symptoms hint that you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 15386
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have Pain in eye. What is wrong with me? I am losing my vision. I fear whether I will lose my vision completely. I have heard of it. 
Doctor : OK, it is quite natural to think so. But no need to panic. Have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : True, I have been suffering from Diminished vision.
Doctor : Show me your eyes. You have got Eye redness.
Patient : I am not sure please see Eye redness.
Doctor : I see, there is redness in your eye. Do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : It seems to be.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with White discharge from eye?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from teary eye. 
Doctor : That must be troublesome then. It might have been creating a hindrance in your vision. And, have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : I don't know please look Swollen eye.
Doctor : I can see that it is severe. You must have been having difficulty in opening your eye perfectly. After examining all your symptoms, you seem to be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 18363
Patient : Doctor, something is wrong with me. I am experiencing Disturbance in memory. It is serious as I forget about things in 15 minutes only. Please help. I am not that old to forget things that easily.
Doctor : Oh! That must have annoyed you. You will overcome this issue in future after taking medicines. But first, let me investigate further to know its cause. Have you experienced Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Fine. Are you also suffering from Seizures?
Patient : True, I have got Seizures.
Doctor : Then, as per the symptoms, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27441
Patient : Hello doctor, I have something around neck, have a look Skin rash. What could be its cause?  
Doctor : I see, rashes cover your whole neck and chest area. Please, avoid scratching them continuously as this may lead to a skin infection. To dig deeper into its cause, tell me, are you also suffering from Allergic reaction?
Patient : Well, yes. I am allergic to pollens. And previous Friday, I got into contact with them.
Doctor : Based on the symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9641
Patient : Hello doctor, I have Arm stiffness or tightness problem. Please, tell me its cause. I am not able to stretch my left shoulder after the yoga session. Is it due to some muscle strain?
Doctor : Oh! Then you might be facing problems in doing daily chores. Tell me, are you also got Cramps and spasms?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 27768
Patient : Doctor, I have got Skin growth. What could be its cause?
Doctor : OK. Let me know are you suffering from Abnormal appearing skin too?
Patient : Correct, doctor. I have got Abnormal appearing skin on my left face. Because of it, I feel ashamed to go outside bear face. Please help me. 
Doctor : I am understanding your concern. You might be worried about others opinion. To investigate its cause, tell me, have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : Right, I have Skin lesion.
Doctor : Fine, are you also dealing with Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : I am not confirmed, see Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness. Please, suggest a solution. 

Doctor : I see it looks severe. I understand you must be suffering from pain. Let me ask further questions to get to the root of this issue. Please tell me you are dealing with Skin swelling?
Patient : Indeed, I am ill with Skin swelling.
Doctor : Also, are you suffering from Itching of skin.
Patient : Literally, I am struggling with Itching of skin.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21778
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Hot flashes. Their frequency is too high for a single day and lasts more than three minutes.
This condition has disrupted my daily activities and is quite troublesome. What can I do to get rid of it? Please guide me.
Doctor : I understand how frustrating it must be for you to deal with hot flashes. The whole body feels sweaty if it occurs more frequently. It seems like you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 18706
Patient : Hi doctor, I I have experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I feel hopeless since the day I got my medical entrance exam result. I failed to pass the exam, I was sure that I will pass the cutoff. Nowadays, I am having suicidal thoughts because of this.  Please, suggest me a solution to deal with this situation.
Doctor : Please understand that everything has a solution. Suicide is not the only option. If you're struggling, you are not alone. Failing an entrance exam does not decide your whole future. So, keep trying, do not lose hope. There must be something at which you are good; pursue it as a career. To get an idea of the whole situation, please answer whether you are dealing with Depression or not.
Patient : Yes, I have Depression.
Doctor : Fine, have you encountered Excessive anger?
Patient : You are correct. Recently, I am getting extremely annoyed over minor problems. And this Extreme anger issue sometimes leads to cause big trouble in my daily life. As a result, I have rifts with my family members. Please, help me with it. I need to save my relations. 
Doctor : I can imagine what you must be going through. Anger is a big issue in relationships. Please, try to involve in yoga activities. This will help mind to calm down. For further investigation, tell me, have you got Insomnia?
Patient : Indeed, I am suffering from it..
Doctor : Okay, your symptoms indicate that you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7857
Patient : Doctor, I have got Abusing alcohol issue. This habit of frequent alcohol drinking has harmed my relationship with my wife. Also, this has decreased my functionality at my job. Please suggest to me a solution to get rid of this habit. I want my life to be calm and hassle-free.
Doctor : I can imagine what you must be going through. It would be best if you cut down on alcohol intake. Too much of anything is not good. First, tell me, are you dealing with Drug abuse?
Patient : True. I am suffering from Drug abuse.
Doctor : Alright, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29589
Patient : Hi doctor. I have got Leg pain. Would you please tell me its cause? I can't walk. I am unable to move even to the outside of our house.
Doctor : Sure. But first, let me know whether you are also suffering from Knee pain or not.
Patient : Yes, I have Knee pain.
Doctor : Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : True. I do have got problem in my leg movements. Nowadays, I even need to take the help of others to walk a small distance.
Doctor : I understand your concern. You are feeling dependent on others; even in this situation, I will have felt the same. To investigate further, please answer, have you also felt Knee weakness?
Patient : Sometimes, I have felt Knee weakness.
Doctor : Okay, your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15191
Patient : Doctor, I some problem in my eyes, see Eye Redness. I do not know why this has happened. Please help.

Doctor : I see there is slight redness under the lower eyelid. Let me investigate its cause first so I can help you in the best way possible. Tell me, have you got a Mass on eyelid?
Patient : True, mass is present on my right upper eyelid and hinders my vision.
Doctor : I can understand mass on the upper eyelid creates a hindrance to vision. Let me know whether you are suffering from Swollen eye.
Patient : Exactly, I have got Swollen eye.
Doctor : Is your Eyelid swelling?
Patient : Literally, I am struggling with Eyelid swelling.
Doctor : Have you got Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : So true, I have got Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : Have you felt Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes, l am sick of rubbing the eye. Still, the itching sensation doesn't go away.
Doctor : Per the symptoms analysis, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22535
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Blindness. Please, tell me its cause. I literally can't see anything clearly. It's all hazy. I think I am going blind.
Doctor : Don't worry. I am here to help you. I will try my best to save your eyes. Tell me, are you having Diminished vision issues?
Patient : Yes, I have noticed Diminished vision.
Doctor : Fine, have you got Symptoms of eye?
Patient : I have felt so.
Doctor : Alright, `I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6047
Patient : Hi doctor, I am experiencing Depressive or psychotic symptoms. Would you please tell me what is wrong with me? It started the week my brother died last year. I realized I was starting to have low moods, I went to the doctors and they prescribed me tranquilizers.

Doctor : You are making a lot of sense to me. I think I can get it you are having some low and some high moods. Have you felt Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Okay, your symptoms signifiy that you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 20116
Patient : Doctor, I have got Sharp abdominal pain. Please, let me know its cause. It starts with my menstruation. 
Doctor : Alright, It occurs among women. Are you also suffering from Heavy menstrual flow.
Patient : Yes, I have dealt with Heavy menstrual flow.
Doctor : Fine, these symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26439
Patient : Doctor, I have seen abnormal skin growth on my arm. It seems like a Skin lesion, and when I burst these bumps, they form pits in the skin. What could be the cause of them?
Doctor : I hear what you're saying. But please do not burst such bumps. It may lead to the spread of infection. To know these bumps' root cause, please answer a few questions first. Do you have a Skin rash?
Patient : I don't know. Please have a look at it, Skin rash. 
Doctor : It seems to be severe your whole arm is filled with rash. For sure, you have been suffering from itching sensation. It might be really uncomfortable for you. For now, tell me, are you suffering from Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11928
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Back pain.
Doctor : Fine. I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20634
Patient : Hi doctor, I am having Hand or finger pain. What is its cause? I usually spend 3 - 4 days after a flu shot recovering, then it is fine for a week. So I am wondering if it is something that I should report to the ER or if something minor I should wait out.

Doctor : I wish you didn’t have to go through that. Let me do the symptom investigation first. Have you felt Leg pain recently?
Patient : Sometimes, I felt Leg pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with the Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes, I have experienced Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Fine, do you feel Ache all over?
Patient : True. I do feel it.
Doctor : Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : Literally, I have been feeling Dizziness.
Doctor : Aright. Based on the symptoms, you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 3590
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Retention of urine. Please, let me know its cause. Is it due to UTI? I have heard of it to occur during UTI.
Doctor : Alright, are you suffering from Shortness of breath?
Patient : True, I have got Shortness of breath.
Doctor : OK, are you feeling Weakness too?
Patient : Sometimes, I do feel it.
Doctor : Fine. Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3726
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Neck pain. I wonder is it something related to spondylosis because I work on computers for long hours.
Doctor : I understand your problem. Neck pain is a very common symptom. What about other symptoms like a headache? Do you have Headache too?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also feeling like Vomiting?
Patient : True, I feel like Vomiting more often.
Doctor : Have you noticed the Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes, I have observed Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Alright. These symptoms signify that you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7899
Patient : Doctor, I have Double Vision problem. Please, let me know its cause. I find two images for every single object.
Doctor : Sure, but further investigation of symptoms is needed to know its cause. Tell me, have you noticed Eye redness?
Patient : Maybe, check it out, Eye redness. 
Doctor : I can see how difficult this has been to deal with this eye. It's bloodshot in color. Please, answer, are you suffering from White discharge from eye?
Patient : True. I have been dealing with White discharge from eye.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9125
Patient : Good morning, doctor! I have something on my back; see Skin rash. What is wrong with me? Is this a sign of something serious?
Doctor : I see; your back is filled with rashes. No doubt, you are feeling itching there. That is troublesome. However, to know its root cause, please answer a few questions first. Do you have Lip swelling issue?

Patient : Don't know, see Lip swelling.
Doctor : Yeah, your lower lip is slightly swelled up. It seems like you have got some allergic problem. Please answer, are you also suffering from Shortness of breath?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Shortness of breath.
Doctor : have you got throat swelling?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27079
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Weight gain. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7995
Patient : Hello doctor, For a month, I have been suffering from Abnormal appearing skin bumps just below my eye. Bumps are painless but are continuously growing day by day. I have no idea what I am going to do about it. Please, help.
Doctor : Sure, I am here to help. Per your description, it looks like a harmless abnormal skin condition. But to dig deeper into its cause, I need to ask further investigation questions to get a clear idea. Are you dealing with Itching of skin?
Patient : Right, on my left cheek, I am dealing with Itching of skin. Consequently, I scratch my skin a lot, so it has become rough. Do you have any answers as to what may be the cause?

Doctor : I hear what you're saying. I know itchiness is irritating, but please avoid touching irritated skin by hand to keep it clean. It seems like you are allergic to some substance. Let me know, have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : Literally, I have got Skin lesion.
Doctor : Okay, Your symptom indicates that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21990
Patient : Good morning! Doctor. I have some problem in my hand, have a look Warts.  So, would you please let me know what its cause could be? 
Doctor : Definitely, I am here to help. It seems like an allergic reaction. You might have developed an allergy to dust particles. Let me know a few questions to get a clear idea about its cause. So, have you felt the Itching of Skin?
Patient : True, I have got Itching of skin.
Doctor : Alright, do you feel Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : I am not sure. Please have a look at it, Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness.
Doctor : I understand how frustrating it must be to you to deal with neck roughness, as I have been through a similar condition. To prevent it, I suggest you to use mild soaps on the neck area and keep it hydrated. And let me know have you recently got Cough or not.
Patient : So true, I have got Cough.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12775
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Pain in testicles. Please, let me know its cause. I am very tensed about this doctor. I haven't gotten hurt near the groin area in recent times. Then why is it happening?
Doctor : Ok, I understand your concern. This pain can be due to various causes. Tell me, do you have Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Literally, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Groin pain?
Patient : True. I have Groin pain.
Doctor : Fine, are you also having side pain?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Have you suffered from Painful urination?
Patient : Indeed, I am.
Doctor : Okay, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 86
Patient : Hi doctor, I have been down with Fever.
Doctor : Fine, have you got Skin rash?
Patient : Please see Skin rash. 
Doctor : I can see the condition on your back is severe. Your back is filled with rashes. No wonder you’re upset about it. I wish you didn’t have to go through that. I have a few more questions to ask. Tell me, have you seen Skin lesion?

Patient : Right doctor, I have been suffering from clusters of itchy, red, fluid-filled blisters all over my hand. These blisters have further worsened my life as I am suffering from sleeplessness because of the irritation on my hand. Let me know how I can get rid of these blisters.
Doctor : Your symptoms imply that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19263
Patient : Doctor, I have been suffering from Skin swelling around my ankle. It hurts a lot when I walk. Please, let me know what is wrong with my ankle. Is it due to deposition of Blood or some fluid around the neck?
Doctor : Alright, are you also suffering from Knee pain.
Patient : Exactly, I am dealing with Knee pain.
Doctor : Fine, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19699
Patient : Good evening sir, I have observed Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : I see. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19386
Patient : Doctor, I have something in my body, see Skin rash. What is wrong with me? 
Doctor : Oh! that seems severe. It looks like a contagious problem. For a better idea of its cause, please answer a few questions. Do you feel Itching of skin?
Patient : That is right, I am dealing with Itching of skin.
Doctor : Your symptom suggests that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23606
Patient : Hi doctor, I have felt Knee pain. I could not walk without any support. I fear that I may have arthritis. Please help me doctor.
Doctor : I understand your situation. Let me analyze your symptoms. Alright, do you feel Knee weakness?
Patient : True, I do feel that.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Elbow pain?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever felt that Bones are painful?
Patient : Yes, sometimes.
Doctor : Fine, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14328
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Intermenstrual bleeding. For two days I have had only small amounts of bleeding that did not allow me to sleep. How to cure this doctor? 
Doctor : OK, I have got your problem. Have you also experienced Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14382
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have felt Dizziness. Would you please tell me its cause? I am also feeling very weak. 
Doctor : You’re making total sense. Do you have a Headache?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Neck pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have got Neck pain.
Doctor : OK, have you got Diminished vision.
Patient : So, true doctor.
Doctor : Also, have you noticed the Loss of sensation?
Patient : True, I have felt Loss of Sensation.
Doctor : Do you have Nausea too?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Nausea too.
Doctor : OK, I think these symptoms imply that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27516
Patient : Doctor, I have got Skin lesions on my back. I had a fracture in my back three months ago. So, I use a wheelchair to sit up. Because of the lesions, I feel pain when I support my back. Please help. I am having problem in doing regular work. 
Doctor : I understand how doing normal work would be difficult for you with a backbone problem. The lesion condition might be due to constant pressure on the back for a long time, as most of the time, you must be bedridden. So, as per symptom, you might have [MASK] issue.
Dialog id : 17279
Patient : Doctor, nowadays I get Fatigue frequently. I could not do the daily chores that I used to do before. Why is it so doctor?
Doctor : I understand how you feel. Do you have any Problems with movement?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Muscle weakness?
Patient : Yes, I have got Musle weakness.
Doctor : OK, have you got Leg cramps or spasms.
Patient : Literally, I have felt Leg cramps or spasms.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20111
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Back pain. I could not sleep all night due to this problem. Please help me doctor.
Doctor : I can understand your pain. Please answer some of my questions. Have you felt Leg pain too?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Fine, are you also dealing with Hip pain?
Patient : True. I have felt Hip pain.
Doctor : Alright, per the symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19480
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am going through Pelvic pain. Please, let me know its cause. I got this pain last year but it was never as severe as it is now. 
Doctor : I understand how you feel. Let me diagnose the disease for you. Tell me, are you dealing with Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Unpredictable menstruation?
Patient : Indeed.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Involuntary urination?
Patient : Yes, I have got Involuntary urination.
Doctor : OK, are you also suffering from Vaginal discharge?
Patient : I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Your symptom indicates that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28758
Patient : Hi doctor, I have a Fainting issue. It’s not that I have any physical complaints, I am, in fact, a very healthy young woman, and I don’t faint often.
Doctor : You are making total sense. Fainting can be associated with other symptoms. Have you got Headache too?
Patient : Yes, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Also, are you suffering from Nausea?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Nausea.
Doctor : Alright, it seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7769
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Excessive anger. 
Doctor : Fine. I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5013
Patient : Hi doctor, I have Hand or finger pain. Would you please tell me its cause? The pain is not letting me sleep all night. 
Doctor : I can feel the pain that you are going through. Are you having a Loss of sensation?
Patient : Indeed, I have felt so.
Doctor : OK, do you have Wrist pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have Wrist pain.
Doctor : Have you got Neck pain?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Okay, Your symptoms indicate that you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 26904
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Involuntary urination. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : OK. Tell me, are you dealing with Unpredictable menstruation.
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Alright. I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 19940
Patient : Good afternoon doctor, I am dealing with Depression. Please, let me know its cause. I often feel mood swings or sadness. 
Doctor : Depression can be due to various reasons. I need to do a symptom analysis to get a better diagnosis. Have you got Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : True, I have Anxiety and nervousness too.
Doctor : OK, are you dealing with excessive anger too?
Patient : Literally, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Fine, based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3996
Patient : Doctor, I have got Cough. But, I have not got any cold. I wonder what might be the cause.
Doctor : OK, let me proceed with the symptom investigation first. Do you have any Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : True, I have Difficulty in swallowing.
Doctor : Fine, have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : Certainly, I am sickened with it.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12006
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Low back pain. Please tell me, what is wrong with me? It is been there for about 6 months. I have not been taking any painkillers due to their side effects.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. I am here to help you out. Tell me, have you got Back pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Back pain too.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Leg pain?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Headache?
Patient : Yes, I have Headache.
Doctor : Fine, have you got Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Literally, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Shoulder pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Shoulder pain.
Doctor : Ok, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6762
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Hip pain. It is most often in the morning, at work, or during a run or workout. How to cure this doctor?
Doctor : I see, let me do the symptom investigation first. What other symptoms do you have? Have you got Groin pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Groin pain too.
Doctor : Fine, are you dealing with Ache all over?
Patient : Indeed, I am sickened with it.
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms indicate that you have a [MASK].
Dialog id : 2874
Patient : Hi doctor, I have Facial pain. Please, let me know its cause. I get muscle spasms in my face. At first I thought it is normal but then I got to know that it is not normal having these problems.
Doctor : Facial pain is a common problem that can affect anyone. It may be caused by different conditions, such as dental problems, head injuries, sinus infections or colds. Are you suffering from Headache?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : True, I have got Dizziness.
Doctor : Do you feel Nausea too?
Patient : So true, I am dealing with Nausea.
Doctor : Okay, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9180
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Sharp abdominal pain. It is very difficult to sleep with this type of problem. I am not getting enough sleep due to this pain. Please save me doctor.
Doctor : I wish you didn’t have to go through that. Let me do the symptom investigation to diagnose your disease. Are you also dealing with Penile discharge?
Patient : Indeed, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18054
Patient : Doctor, I have been suffering from Wrist swelling for the past four days. Becuase of it, I am not able to get adequate sleep. I often wake up in the middle of the night as I feel my wrist joint is on fire. It is intolerable. What should I do to deal with it? Please help.

Doctor : It sounds like you are in a lot of pain there. Working with that hand must have been hard for you. I can understand that. Let me investigate further symptoms to identify the wrist swelling causes. So, tell me have you felt Foot or toe pain?
Patient : So true, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Foot or toe swelling?
Patient : I don't know, see Foot or toe swelling. 
Doctor : I see foot inflammation is severe. You must be dealing with walking and standing issues. Tell me, do you have Ankle pain too?
Patient : Indeed, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12207
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Delusions or hallucinations. What is wrong with me? I am hallucinating my dead brother. He died last year but it feels like he always watches me. He loved me the most.
Doctor : I understand what you’re feeling. Your brother's death might have left a huge impact on your brain. Tell me, are you dealing with Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : True, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Fine, have you got Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Literally, I have felt Disturbance of memory.
Doctor : Have you noticed Problems with movements?
Patient : Yes, I have observed Problems with movement.
Doctor : Alright. These symptoms suggest that you are suffering from the [MASK].
Dialog id : 17117
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Shoulder cramps or spasms. I am unable to move my head and neck. I tried some home remedies like hot compress, but without any result. Is due to posture problems during sleeping?
Doctor : Fine, it happens. But let me look into it. Have you got Ankle pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Ankle pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Pain or soreness of breast.
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 20286
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have felt Congestion in chest. I am feeling it for the last one week or so. I am not getting why it is troubling me? I have not had any cough or cold.
Doctor : Alright, no need to get tensed. It may be due to many causes. Have you experienced Shortness of breath?
Patient : Exactly, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Do you feel Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : OK, have you got Fever?
Patient : So true, I have Fever too.
Doctor : Have you felt Weakness also?
Patient : True, I am sickened with it.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13025
Patient : Doctor, I feel stuffy sensation in the ear. Consequently, have experienced Diminished hearing. I sometimes misinterpret what others are saying. Would you please tell me its cause?
Doctor : Sure, I am here to help you. Miscommunication is normal in hearing loss condition. Let me investigate further symptoms of it. First, tell me, do you got Ear pain?

Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Redness in ear? Please, show me your ear.
Patient : Maybe see Redness in ear.
Doctor : I see. There is slight redness. Also, have you got Ringing in ear?
Patient : For sure, I am struggling with it. 
Doctor : I can understand your concern. Are you also dealing with Difficulty speaking?
Patient : Yes, I have got Difficulty speaking.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK] problem.
Dialog id : 791
Patient : Doctor, I have got Loss of sensation. Would you please tell me what is wrong? It is especially with my hands and legs. 
Doctor : Sure, I feel your mental condition. I can assure you, you will get cured. Have you felt Hand or finger pain?
Patient : True, I have felt so.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Low back pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have Low back pain.
Doctor : OK, I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 10394
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Dizziness. It is for two to three weeks. I am not getting any energy to do anything. What causing this?
Doctor : Okay, I have got it. Let me do the symptom analysis. Do you have Headache too?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Headache.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Leg pain?
Patient : Exactly, I am struggling with Leg pain.
Doctor : Alright, have you felt Fatigue?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Fine, your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23176
Patient : 
Doctor, I have got small blisters like Skin lesion on the palms of my hand. What is wrong with my hand? It hurts like hell and it won't heal.The last time I got a skin lesion on the same place on my palm, I cleaned it immediately and it healed up. 

Doctor : I am getting you. Skin lesions on the palms can hurt a lot. But, first, let me know, have you got a Skin rash?

Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Alright, are you suffering from Itching of skin?
Patient : Correct, I am having intense itching on my palms.
Doctor : You might be sick of rubbing the hand to relieve the itching sensation. Are you dealing with Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Exactly, I am suffering from Abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : Okay, I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26863
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Lower abdominal pain. Let me know its cause. It is particularly on the left side. The pain is sometimes stinging.
Doctor : OK, I feel for your pain. I need to know something more. Do you have Pelvic pain?
Patient : True, I have got Pelvic pain too.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11005
Patient : Doctor, I have experienced Abnormal involuntary movements. Would you mind telling me its cause? I was having some nerve related problems earlier.
Doctor : Fine, I don't think it is a big problem. Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 9671
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have felt Sharp chest pain. Is it due to any heart related ailments or gas problems? I don't have any clue doctor. Please save me from this pain.
Doctor : OK, I can feel your pain. Let me rule out any problems by asking you some questions. Have you got Drug abuse?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Abusing alcohol?
Patient : True, I have got Abusing alcohol.
Doctor : Have you suffered from Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes, I have it.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11134
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with cluster of Skin lesion on my hands. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : OK. To get better idea of its cause, please tell me, do you have Skin rash too? 
Patient : Don't know, check it out Skin rash. 
Doctor : It seems like some allergic reaction. Based on your symptoms analysis, you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 15276
Patient : Hello doctor, my child is dealing with Itching of skin. Please, let me know what its cause could be.
Doctor : Alright, is your child suffering from Diarrhea too?
Patient : Literally, he is ill with it.
Doctor : Oh! Please make sure he remains hydrated. Have you seen Skin rash around his buttocks area?
Patient : Yes, his buttocks are full of Skin rash. He can't even sleep at night because of it and tries to rub rashes. I feel really bad for my child.
Doctor : No doubt you are worried for your child. I understand that as I also have a baby girl. Rashes are troublesome for a child especially when they itche a lot. Have you observed Irritable infant?
Patient : True, doctor. Nowadays, he cries a lot. 
Doctor : Then, based on child symptoms, he might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16094
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Depression. Sometimes I feel fine. But sometimes I go into depression. Then I don't like anything, I feel all are enemies of mine.
Doctor : OK, I have got your symptoms. Have you noticed Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes, I have got them.
Doctor : Fine, are you dealing with Hostile behavior?
Patient : Exactly, I have struggle with it.
Doctor : Alright, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6624
Patient : Good afternoon doctor, I am dealing with Penile discharge.
Doctor : Alright, I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 6097
Patient : Hi doctor, I have Sharp chest pain. Please, let me know its cause.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16311
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Weakness. I was having fever, cold and cough a week ago. Is it due to this or something else? I can't hold any object properly. 
Doctor : Fine, I understood. I have got your symptoms. Do you have Hand or finger weakness too?
Patient : Yes, I have got Hand or finger weakness too.
Doctor : Alright, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 339
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Fever. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : Have you got Weakness too?
Patient : Yes, I feel lethargic nowadays. I even avoid going to washroom because of it. I am sick of it. I don't want my life like this. Please help. 
Doctor : I am getting you. Making excuses for even urgent work when you feel weak is normal. Even I do the same in such scenarios. For its root cause identification, let me know whether you are also suffering from Abnormal appearing skin.
Patient : True, I am dealing with Abnormal appearing skin around my eyes.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16364
Patient : Hi doctor, I have some problem around lips. Please check it, Skin rash. What could be the reason behind it? 
Doctor : I can see the skin around your lips is not in a good state. Please, let me investigate further to know its root cause. So, Are you also dealing with Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : Have you got Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : I am not confident. Please have a look at it, Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness.
Doctor : Oh! that looks severe. It might be because you stay outside when the sun is at its peak. Please, avoid sun exposure as much as possible. Let me know. Do you have Skin moles too?
Patient : True, I have got them. 
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19563
Patient : Doctor, I have got Wrist pain. Not the kind that is going to kill me and lose me my job. So, it is not worth taking time off work to get treated. I would say, it is manageable. But it is irritable.
Doctor : Alright, If you look up wrist pain, you will see there are many possible causes. Are you suffering any other symptoms like Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : True, I have Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have felt it.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Fatigue?
Patient : Indeed, I am sickened with it.
Doctor : OK, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4346
Patient : Hi doctor, about seven days earlier, my cat licked my open wound while I was sleeping. Now, it has developed into an Arm lump or mass on the wound area. What could be its cause? 
Doctor : I guess your cat might be infected. Please, be aware that your cat doesn't scratch or lick your infected skin. To better know the lump cause, let me investigate further. Do you have Neck swelling too?
Patient : Yes, I do have Neck swelling.
Doctor : OK, have you got Skin swelling?
Patient : You are totally right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Groin mass?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : I am not confident. See Skin rash. 

Doctor : I see. Have you felt Loss of sensation?
Patient : Indeed, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Do you have Arm swelling?
Patient : Yeah, I have got Arm swelling.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Headache too?
Patient : Yes, I have Headache too.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27942
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Lump or mass of breast. Please, let me know its cause. I have just started to feel the growing of Lump. It is small but still I am scared.
Doctor : OK, don't worry. It will not solve your problem. Do you have Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Bleeding or discharge from nipple?
Patient : Certainly, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7828
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Cough. I am not a smoker but still, it is not getting cured. I'm afraid of Pneumonia. A few weeks ago I had a fever and that left behind this.
Doctor : I can understand your situation. Cough is a common symptom though there can be many underlying causes for this. Are you also dealing with Excessive appetite?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : Do you have Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : True, I have got Difficulty in swallowing.
Doctor : OK, are you suffering from Frequent urination?
Patient : Literally, I am tired of it.
Doctor : Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : Yes, I have got Dizziness too.
Doctor : Alright, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13246
Patient : Good afternoon doctor, I am suffering from Cross-eyed. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : OK. To get an idea of its cause, let me ask you a few questions. So, have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : Don't know. See Skin rash.
Doctor : It looks like a mite bites. Please try to avoid contact with soil and dirt. Tell me, are you dealing with Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes, I have got Itching of skin.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16560
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Pelvic pain. Would you please tell me its cause?
Doctor : Sure, I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19534
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Disturbance of memory.
Doctor : Alright, have you got Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : For sure.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Depression too?
Patient : That is right. Since my beloved dog passed away, I have been going through Depression. It is hard to believe for me that he is not here. This is making me crazy. Doctor, please help me.
Doctor : I'm sorry about your loss. Please understand it's the law of nature; everyone will die one day. Everyone feels the same way as you do in this situation. Life goes on, and you have to get out of depression. You can even adopt a new pet. Let me know if you have you got Paresthesia?
Patient : Indeed, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Do you have Lip swelling?
Patient : I am not sure, check it out Lip swelling.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 120
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shoulder stiffness or tightness. Is it due to sleeping posture defect? I can't move my neck. I am unable to lift my hands also.
Doctor : OK, it happens quite often. I don't think it is serious. Have you got Shoulder pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have Shoulder pain.
Doctor : Fine, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8868
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Excessive growth. It is in groin area and giving me much trouble. What should I do? Please guide me.
Doctor : Alright, I need to know something more. Have you got Vulvar sore?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Do you have Itchy eyelid?
Patient : Yes, I have got Itchy eyelid.
Doctor : OK, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1947
Patient : Doctor, I have got Back pain. It is particularly in the lower region of my back. I want to add that recently I slipped and fell on my back so, I think that might be the reason why I am having this.
Doctor : Oh no, I wish you didn't have to go through that. So, you are telling me that you have Low back pain, right?
Patient : Definitely, I have got it.
Doctor : Alright, have you got Leg pain?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Leg pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Neck pain?
Patient : So true, I am.
Doctor : Fine, have you felt Shoulder pain?
Patient : True, I have Shoulder pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Ache all over?
Patient : Indeed, I am sickened with it.
Doctor : Then, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28436
Patient : Hi doctor, my baby boy is showing Irritable infant symptoms. Please, let me know what its cause could be.
Doctor : Sure. Let me proceed with the further investigation. Have you seen Skin rash on his body?
Patient : Please look at it, Skin rash.
Doctor : Does he have Itching of skin?
Patient : True, doctor. He cries a lot because of the Itching of skin and tries to rub it. He remains irritated because of it. Please help. I can no longer see my child in this much distress.
Doctor : Please, do not tense yourself. I encountered similar issues when my children were infants, so I understand what you might be feeling. Let me proceed with the investigation so I can help in the best possible way. Does he felt Ache all over?
Patient : Yes, it seems to be the case.
Doctor : Is he dealing with Skin lesion?
Patient : Indeed, Skin lesion issue is there too.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5509
Patient : Doctor, I have Shoulder pain. What could be its cause? I can not move my neck properly. I find problems in lifting my hands also.
Doctor : OK, first, let me know, do you have Shoulder stiffness or tightness? If it is so, how long?
Patient : True, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Have you felt Ache all over?
Patient : Yes, I have got Ache all over.
Doctor : Then, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24423
Patient : Hello doctor, I have Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : OK, are you also suffering from Lacrimation?
Patient : That is right, doctor. My tears are pooling and constantly flow over my eyelids. As a result, I am having a problem in seeing too. 
Doctor : I understand watery eyes are troublesome. It may lead to eyelid sagging. But there is a solution to cure it. So, let me know other symptoms. Do you have an Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : I am not confirmed check it out, Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : I see, small rash is present on upper eyelid. Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : I am not confident, see Swollen eye.
Doctor : Have you experienced Itchiness of eye?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 14480
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from the Itchiness of eye. Would you mind telling me its cause?
Doctor : Sure. But, first let me investigate about your other symptoms. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Literally, I have got it.
Doctor : OK, are you suffering from Eye redness?
Patient : Don't know, please see Eye redness.
Doctor : This seems severe. Your eyes have burning red color. There is a possibility that your eye tissue are infected. Tell me, have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : I am not sure, see Swollen eye.
Doctor : Do you have Painful sinuses?
Patient : True, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13768
Patient : Doctor, I have got Skin Lesion. Please, let me know its cause.
Doctor : Sure, I am here to solve your issues. Let me ask you few questions to know your problem cause. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I am not confirmed. Please check Skin rash.
Doctor : I see. Have you got any sign of Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : You are correct. I have got Abnormal appearing skin on my hand.
Doctor : Do you have Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness issue?
Patient : Maybe. Please see Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness. 
Doctor : I understand you must be feeling like your skin is going to rupture. I will provide you with a solution for it too. For now, let me ask you next question. Have you got Cough recently?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms analysis indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22417
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Anxiety and nervousness. What is wrong with me? I also feel left out and spend most of the time alone in my room. 
Doctor : I can understand, what you are going through. Have you felt Depression?
Patient : True, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes, I have Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : Do you have Decreased appetite?
Patient : Indeed, I have got it.
Doctor : Then, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21493
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Back pain. What would be its cause?
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23450
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Lacrimation issue. Please, let me know its cause.
Doctor : I will for sure. Let me do proper investigation to know its cause. Tell me, do you have Eye redness too?
Patient : I am not certain of it. Please have a look; Eye redness.
Doctor : I see. Based on your symptom you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23404
Patient : Doctor, I have been suffering from Cough for past one week. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : Oh! Let me ask you a few questions to grasp its root cause. Do you have Shortness of breath?
Patient : You are totally right. For four days, I have been feeling Shortness of breath. Even sometimes, I feel like suffocating. What could be its cause? Please help. I am distraught.
Doctor : I understand what you're feeling. In case of breathing problems, it's natural to feel suffocated. So, do not worry much. To better know its cause, please answer a few questions first. Have you got Hand or finger swelling?
Patient : Right doctor. I have been suffering from Hand or finger swelling, which appears larger than a day ago.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22550
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Intermenstrual bleeding. It is troubling me a lot. I am getting feared. Is there anything wrong? Earlier it was not there.
Doctor : OK, do you have any other problems or symptoms related to this? Are you also dealing with Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : Exactly, I am sickened with it.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20582
Patient : Doctor, I have Muscle pain. It is particularly in my back. I can't sleep properly because of this.
Doctor : Alright, I have got it. Muscle pain can be due to many reasons. Let me focus on other symptoms. So, you are having Back pain, right?
Patient : Yes,doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11716
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Delusions or hallucinations. Everyone thinks I am delusional but let me clarify it for you I hear voices that are coming from walls. Those voices are clear as day but sadly no one believes me.
Doctor : I wish you didn't have to go through that. Have you felt Depression recently?
Patient : True, I have felt so.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18034
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shoulder pain. It is suffering me for the last week. I can't move my neck and shoulder. I find difficulty in moving my arms and in lifting anything.
Doctor : Fine, it happens. It is common, no need to be bothered. Do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : Have you got Neck pain too?
Patient : Literally, I have Neck pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Muscle pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Leg pain?
Patient : True, I have Leg pain too.
Doctor : OK, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5402
Patient : Good evening doctor, I am suffering from Throat swelling. What could be the possible cause of it?
Doctor : I understand your concern. To better understand your problem, please answer whether you have Skin rash issue or not?
Patient : I do not know. Please check, Skin rash.
Doctor : It appears you have got some allergic reaction. And have you felt Dizziness too?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Dizziness.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4711
Patient : Doctor, I am going through Shoulder pain. It's a headache for me. Quite often I get shoulder pain. Is it due to problem with posture during sleeping?
Doctor : Alright, I understood. Have you got Wrist pain?
Patient : True, I have Wrist pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : OK, I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 20581
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Sharp chest pain. Is it a matter to be thought of? I fear of its relation with any heart diseases. Although I go through heart check up twice a year.  
Doctor : OK, it's fine to know that you might not have anyheart related probles. Have you got Back pain too?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7456
Patient : Doctor, I have something in my eyes. Please examine it, Eye redness. Would you please let me know its cause? Is there something serious? 
Doctor : I will for sure let you know what is wrong. However, first, let me investigate your bloodshot eye condition's root cause. Tell me, are you also dealing with Itchiness of eye?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Pain in eye?
Patient : Literally, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Do you have Nasal congestion?
Patient : True, I have got Nasal congestion.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 750
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Knee swelling. Please, let me know what is wrong with me.
Doctor : OK. Tell me, are you suffering from Leg pain too?
Patient : Correct, I am going through intense Leg pain. It's causing trouble in walking. Please suggest me a solution. 
Doctor :  I understand it must have been hard for you to walk with that leg. And, do you have Wrist lump or mass?
Patient : True, I am.
Doctor : Fine, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 29975
Patient : Hi doctor, tiny black spots have appeared on my hands and face. It seems to be Skin moles. What could be its cause?
Doctor : It might be due to excessive sun exposure. For further investigation, tell me. Have you got Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : That is right. I have got Abnormal appearing skin like a dense clusters of small bumps and blisters
on my chest. 
Doctor : I think you have developed sensitivity to the sun. Please avoid spending too much time in sun. And, are you dealing with Skin rash?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Then you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28051
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Pelvic pain? Would you please tell me what is wrong with me? The pain is mainly occurring near the abdomen area. Is it serious?
Doctor : Sure, I will diagnose you. Let me do the symptom analysis first. Do you have any Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15254
Patient : Hello doctor, I have Problems with movement. I can't walk properly. Earlier I had consulted  doctors and they diagnosed with some defect in my legs. He suggested physiotherapy and I got cured. Now Once again I got it. Why it is so?
Doctor : OK, I got every point. Do you have Foot or toe pain?
Patient : True, I have got Foot or toe pain.
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25468
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Back pain. It happens quite often with me. Especially when I lift some heavy weight. What should I do then?
Doctor : OK, It is a common problem to most of us. Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Neck pain?
Patient : Indeed, I have felt it.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Shoulder pain?
Patient : Certainly. I have got Shoulder pain.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Arm pain too.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26528
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Infertility.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 275
Patient : Doctor, I have Shortness of breath. I didn't suffer from it earlier. It's since last three to four days I am having it. Isn't it related to heart? Why it is happening?
Doctor : Fine, I got it. Are you also suffering from Fatigue?
Patient : Yes, I have got Fatigue.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10852
Patient : Hello doctor, I have Ankle pain. I have not gotten hurt near the ankle area in recent times. Then, why is it paining doctor?
Doctor : Ankle pain can be due to numerous reasons. Tell me, are you also suffering from Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Have you got Fatigue?
Patient : True, I am sickened with it.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6183
Patient : Doctor, I am struggling with Abnormal appearing skin. These have a rough texture and are present on my arm and neck. Please, let me know its cause.
Doctor : As per your description, it looks like you have got sun sensitivity. However, let me ask you a few questions to get a better idea. Tell me, have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Irregular appearing scalp?
Patient : Exactly, I am dealing with Irregular appearing scalp.
Doctor : OK. Do you have Skin swelling?
Patient : Indeed, I have got slight Skin swelling.
Doctor : Fine, you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 23318
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Cough. What could be its cause?
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29262
Patient : Doctor, see Skin rash. Please, let me know its cause.
Doctor : Sure. It looks like some allergic reaction. Tell me, are you allergic to some substance and do you feel Itching of skin?
Patient : So, true. I am allergic to nickel metal. Last month I bought a bracelet, which I wore recently. And after 10 minutes of wearing it, I felt an Itching of skin. It still persists. 
Doctor : It seems like the bracelet contains nickel. It would be best if you avoid contact with nickel. Take precautions while purchasing jewelry items. Have you got Acne or pimples issue?

Patient : Totally correct.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14475
Patient : Hello doctor, I am a teenager. I have been suffering from Acne or pimples on my forehead for the past one month. Would you please tell me its cause?
Doctor : It is normal for your age. It might be because of hormonal changes. Please focus on your diet and self-care. For better symptom investigation, let me know if you have Skin moles too.
Patient : Yes, I have got Skin moles on my cheek area and hands.  
Doctor : Then, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28630
Patient : Hi doctor, please see Skin rash.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Acne or pimples?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Frequent urination?
Patient : Certainly, I am suffering from Frequent urination.
Doctor : OK, do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : True, I have got it.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 621
Patient : Good afternoon doctor, I am suffering from Leg pain. It is for the last couple of weeks. I can't walk much. It's a problem also to move upstairs. What causing it?
Doctor : Well, do you have any other symptoms? Have you felt Loss of sensation?
Patient : True, I have got Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18230
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Lacrimation. My eyes have gone red and are excessively watery. I have an interview tomorrow, I am worried that I might not be able to go for it.
Doctor : I am so sorry that you have to go through this. Do you have any other symptoms like Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have got Pain in eye.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : I don't know, see Swollen eye.
Doctor : Have you noticed Diminished vision?
Patient : Exactly, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Foreign body sensation in eye.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19696
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Ankle pain.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15869
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Fluid retention. I am also looking fatty, thanks to this condition. How can it be cured doctor?
Doctor : OK, I understand your problem. Let me do the symptom investigation to better diagnose the underlying disease. Have you felt Shortness of breath?
Patient : Right, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Peripheral edema?
Patient : True, I have got Peripheral edema.
Doctor : Fine, based on symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18797
Patient : Doctor, I have been suffering from Wrist swelling since last week. I have tried several ointments to cure but nothing workout. I want to get recover as soon as possible as I have to write an entrance exam. Please help me.
Doctor : Sure. I understand you have been facing difficulty in writing with that hand. Let me investigate further to get a better idea of its cause. Have you felt Wrist pain?

Patient : True, I have got Wrist pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Shoulder pain?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : OK, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 880
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Vomiting. What could be its cause? I'm not even sure what triggered it, but I've got the chills.
Doctor : I see, Vomiting can be due to various reasons. Are you dealing with Nausea too?
Patient : Literally, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : True, I have got Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Alright, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17314
Patient : Good evening doctor, I have got Groin pain. It suffers me a lot. I can't follow why it is. I did not get any injury or something like that. Now, I needed to restrict my movement also. 
Doctor : Fine, I got your problem. Then, do you have Hip pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Hip pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Problems with movement?
Patient : True, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Delusions or hallucinations?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Delusions or hallucinations.
Doctor : OK, do you have Focal weakness?
Patient : For sure.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11154
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Low back pain. I am also having a bit of loss of sensation in that area. Is it something serious?
Doctor : I understand your symptoms. You said, you have felt a Loss of sensation in the back, right?
Patient : Yes, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Have you felt Foot or toe pain?
Patient : True, I have got Foot or toe pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Paresthesia?
Patient : So true, I am.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain?
Patient : Exactly, I have Arm pain too.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Hand or finger pain?
Patient : I have Hand or finger pain.
Doctor : Fine, your symptoms suggest you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10795
Patient : Doctor, I see Spots or clouds in vision. Also, I am having a problem seeing things clearly. Will I lose my eyesight?
Doctor : Don't worry, I have got your back. Problems in eyesight can be caused by various reasons. Have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : True, I have got Diminished vision.
Doctor : Do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Foreign body sensation in eye.
Doctor : Have you got White discharge from eye?
Patient : You are right doctor.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6953
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Infertility. Please, let me know its cause. Should I go through a complete check up of myself and my husband?
Doctor : OK, I understand your agony. But before diagnosis I need to know whether you have any Pelvic pain.
Patient : True, I have Pelvic pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Heavy menstrual flow?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Do you have Burning abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Burning abdominal pain.
Doctor : Fine, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29134
Patient : Doctor, I have got Sharp chest pain. I never had it. I feel fear of any heart related problems. What may cause it?
Doctor : Alright, it is not always related to heart. Do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Indeed, I have Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Depression?
Patient : True, I have Depression too.
Doctor : OK, have you experienced Irregular heartbeat?
Patient : Certainly, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : These symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11948
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Skin swelling. It has become red due to itchiness. I am having a dance competition tomorrow. I am afraid that I will miss that because of it. How to cure this?
Doctor : OK, I wish you didn't have to go through these. Tell me, have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : So true, I have got Itching of skin.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye? Please show me your eye.
Patient : Please check Swollen eye.
Doctor : You seem to be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 28164
Patient : Doctor, I have got Sharp abdominal pain. I am having it for the last five to six days. I am not getting what causing it? 
Doctor : OK, I feel your pain. Are you dealing with Painful urination?
Patient : Yes, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Have you got Blood in urine?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Blood in urine.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13969
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Nausea. I feel like I am going to throw up now and then. It is also associated with pain near the chest area. Can you help me cure this?
Doctor : Sure, I will help you. Let me do the symptom analysis first. Have you got Sharp Chest pain?
Patient : True, I have felt so.
Doctor : Do you have Groin pain?
Patient : Exactly, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Vaginal pain?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Alright, Are you suffering from Neck cramps or spasms?
Patient : Literally, I have got Neck cramps or spasms.
Doctor : Fine, I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 14715
Patient : Doctor, I have got Involuntary urination.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2474
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Lacrimation issue. What is wrong with me? Am I going to get blind?
Doctor : I understand you are concerned about watery eyes. However, it's not like you will get blind becuase of it. Let me investigate its root cause. Tell me, have you got Diminished vision too?
Patient : True, I have it.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Pain in eye?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Fine, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27217
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Skin lesion. My eyes have become heavy. I find it troublesome to open or close eyes. Even blinking is also a problem. What to do?
Doctor : OK, how long you have got this? Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Right, I have got Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Eye redness?
Patient : I am not confident, check it out Eye redness.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : Don't know, see Swollen eye.
Doctor : Do you have Lacrimation?
Patient : Yes, I have got Lacrimation too.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 1217
Patient : Doctor, I have Headache. I can't hold my head straight due to this headache. I feel like my head is going to burst. Please help me doctor.
Doctor : I just feel such despair in you when you talk about this. Answer me, are you also dealing with Loss of sensation.
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7130
Patient : Good evening sir, I have got Symptoms of eye. It is painful. My eyes have become red and heavy. 
Doctor : Alright, I understand the pain in eyes. Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : You are right doctor.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3402
Patient : Hi doctor, I have some problem at my hand, Skin rash. Please, suggest a solution to deal with it. 
Doctor : I can see how uncomfortable it has been. It is all over your hand. Please, let me investigate further to find its cause. So, have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : I do have Skin lesions on my right hand. These are like red blisters that ooze out.  
Doctor : OK, it seems like you have got some Allergic reaction to a substance. Is it a case? Have you felt anything unusual after getting in touch with that substance?
Patient : Yeah, I noticed one instance previous monday. I am a florist, so I was dealing with the poinsettias plant that day. I was changing its pot, and while doing that, I felt itchiness on my hand. And an hour later, my hand skin started becoming red.  
Doctor : It seems like you are allergic to poinsettias plant. Please take precautions while being around that plant. To summarize, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14617
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Shoulder stiffness or tightness. I can't move my shoulder due to this problem. It is very painful when I try to move it. 
Doctor : I understand your problem. Shoulder stiffness or tightness is agonizing. Do you have a Shoulder pain?
Patient : True, I have got it.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Ache all over?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Ache all over.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1722
Patient : Hello doctor, please see Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness. Let me know its cause.
Doctor : OK, do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes, I have got Itching of skin. I am unable to go to work because of this.
Doctor : You are right. Even I feel difficulty in doing routine work when my eye itches. Are you also suffering from Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Indeed, I have trouble with Abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Cough?
Patient : Literally, I have got Cough.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5518
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Groin pain. I am having it for the last week. Most of the time I remain bed rest. I am unable to do my normal daily duties. What causing it?
Doctor : Alright, I understand your pain. Have you got Nausea too?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : Have you got Vaginal pain?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Vaginal pain.
Doctor : OK, per the symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 852
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Leg weakness. I can not move properly. I get tired very soon. What might be the reason?
Doctor : OK, do you feel any other symptom? Do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : For sure.
Doctor : Have you got Fever?
Patient : Certainly, I have Fever.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16858
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Arm pain. It starts with the ache in my arm when turning my right hand, and progresses to the sharp, shooting pain in my arm and shoulder. How to cure this doctor?
Doctor : I understand your concern. Do you have any other symptoms other than this? Like do you have Loss of sensation around that area?
Patient : Indeed, I have felt so.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Paresthesia?
Patient : True, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Have you got Hand or finger weakness?
Patient : Exactly, I have Hand or finger weakness.
Doctor : OK, you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 13618
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Premature ejaculation. I can't understand why. Please suggest me some remedy for it.
Doctor : OK, I understand it is not good. Do you have Impotence too?
Patient : You are right doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Pain in testicles?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in testicles.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24809
Patient : Doctor, I am Feeling ill.
Doctor : Fine, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 14703
Patient : Doctor, I have got Neck pain. It's really troublesome for me. How can I get rid of this?
Doctor : Alright, you will get well soon. Have you got Headache too?
Patient : True, I have got it.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8096
Patient : Good afternoon doctor, I have got Pain in eye. I have redness in eye and it has become heavy. How to get relieve?
Doctor : OK, do you face any vision problem? are you also suffering from Lacrimation?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : Have you observed Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Exactly, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Alright, have you got Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : Please, see Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24946
Patient : Doctor, I have experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I am feeling less energetic. Looking into negative sides of things. What causing it?
Doctor : Well, I understand your problem. Do you have Side pain too?
Patient : Literally, I have got Side pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : Yes, I have felt it.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Leg pain?
Patient : Definitely, I am suffering from Leg pain.
Doctor : OK, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16546
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Shoulder pain. It's really troublesome to me. I can't move my head and hands as well. How to get rid of this?
Doctor : OK. I encountered a similar shoulder pain condition around five years ago, so I know how you might feel. It can be because of several reasons. Let me get into its depth for a better understanding. So, have you got Wrist pain?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist swelling?
Patient : Right, I have got swelling in my wrist. 
Doctor : Have you felt Arm pain?
Patient : Yes, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Peripheral edema?
Patient : True, I am also dealing with Peripheral edema.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8741
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Lacrimation. It is a big problem for my daily work. I can't do my job properly, my eyes are red and swelled.
Doctor : Ok, No need to worry about. Have you felt Itchiness of eye?
Patient : You are right doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5732
Patient : Good afternoon doctor. I have Symptoms of eye issue. It is decreasing my vision power. Please help me cure this doctor.
Doctor : Sure, I have examined cases such as yours where the patient experienced vision loss becuase of the symptom of eye problem. So, I am getting what you are going through. To find its cause, answer few questions first. Have you got Mass on eyelid, right?
Patient : Right, my left eyelid has one.
Doctor : Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : Literally, I have got Pain in eye.
Doctor : Then, you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 19349
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Allergic reaction. It is troubling me from last week.
Doctor : Fine, have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : I am not sure, please see Skin rash.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : I am not confident, see Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness.
Doctor : Based on symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1282
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Foot or toe lump or mass. Because of it, I am having problems in wearing footwear and walking.
Doctor : I am getting you mass on foot is problematic. I have been through this issue, and I even was not able to walk properly for one month. Let me examine your further symptoms first to get to know its cause. So, have you seen Skin rash?

Patient : I do not know. Please check, Skin rash.
Doctor : OK, have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : Correct, I have been dealing with Skin lesion issue.
Doctor : Have you felt Itching of skin?
Patient : For sure, I have felt Itching of skin.
Doctor : Alright, have you got Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Certainly, I am suffering from Abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28431
Patient : Doctor, I have got Elbow pain. It is sometimes unbearable. I can't do any work with my hands, particularly with the right one. How to alleviate this symptom?
Doctor : OK, I understand, have you got Shoulder pain?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Shoulder stiffness or tightness?
Patient : True, I have got Shoulder stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Do you have Neck pain?
Patient : Yes, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Alright, Have you got Arm pain?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6072
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Heavy menstrual flow. During this period I can't move out for this? Is there any remedy for it?
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2761
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Neck pain. It is not allowing me to move my head. It's also very difficult for me to work with my hand freely. 
Doctor : OK, I have got your case. Do you have Back pain?
Patient : Yes, I do have Back pain.
Doctor : Have you got Leg pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Headache?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Indeed, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : OK, per your symptom, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2898
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Vaginal pain. It is troubling me for the last week. How can I get rid of this?
Doctor : Fine, no need to worry, are you dealing with Penile discharge?
Patient : True, I have problem with it.
Doctor : Have you got Vaginal discharge?
Patient : Indeed, I have trouble with Vaginal discharge.
Doctor : Do you have Vaginal itching?
Patient : You are right doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : Then, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4398
Patient : Doctor, I have got Sharp abdominal pain. It is intolerable time to time. What might cause this?
Doctor : OK, how long it is happening? Have you got Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : Indeed, I have felt Dizziness.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Retention of urine?
Patient : Exactly, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Ok, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18272
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Suprapubic pain. I don't know if anyone else has had this. But I am in a lot of pain. It is beyond any words. Please help me doctor.
Doctor : I just feel such despair in you when you talk about this. Are you also suffering from Diarrhea?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Fever?
Patient : True, I have Fever.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Nasal congestion?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16200
Patient : Hi doctor. I have some problem in my hand. Please see Skin rash.

Doctor : Oh! Your hand condition looks terrible. It seems like some allergic reaction. It must have been hard for you to do work with them. Have you got Itching of skin?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from Itching of skin. I am tired of rubbing my skin.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21464
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Neck swelling. I feel a mass like growth on my neck. It is very painful. I can't move my neck and shoulder. Suggest some remedy. 
Doctor : I am getting you. Please, let me investigate so that I can have a better idea of your situation. Do you have Skin swelling?
Patient : Indeed, I have got it.
Doctor : Have you got Groin mass?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : OK, Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Not sure, please have a look at it, Skin rash.
Doctor : That looks like a bacterial disease. Have you got Arm swelling?
Patient : True, my left arm is swelled up.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Headache?
Patient : Exaclty, I am.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20917
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Loss of sex drive. It is creating a lot of misunderstanding between me and my husband. Please help me.
Doctor : I understand your problem. No one talks about these symptoms. Let me do the symptom analysis for your problem.  Are you dealing with Infertility?
Patient : You are right doctor.
Doctor : OK, you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 13034
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Impotence. It is really painful mentally. It should not happen at this age. How can I get cured?
Doctor : I can feel you are mentally agonizing. Please, do not stress yourself that much. A lot of people suffer from it nowadays. Let me know whether you are also dealing with a Loss of sex drives.
Patient : Yes, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 18049
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Loss of sensation. It is all of a sudden. I feel it is happening imperceptibly. What might be the cause?
Doctor : Well, let me ask you a few questions first to finds it cause. Do you have Disturbance of memory?
Patient : True, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Definitely, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Have you got Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Lip swelling? Please show your lips.
Patient :  Please check Lip swelling.
Doctor : OK, have you got Itchy eyelid?
Patient : I am not sure about it. Please have a look at my eye,  Itchy eyelid.
Doctor : Have you got Elbow weakness?
Patient : Right, I have got Elbow weakness.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7136
Patient : Good morning doctor. I am suffering from Itching of skin. I am sick of scratching the skin as, most of the time, I feel an irritating sensation. How to cure this doctor? I am worried about this.
Doctor : I understand the itching sensation is irksome. Even I feel the same urge to scratch when I suffer from it. However, please avoid scratching the skin it could make the condition worse. Let me go through symptom analysis to find its cause. Have you got Skin rash?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Skin rash.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Fever?
Patient : Literally doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Mouth ulcer too?
Patient : I am not sure of it. Please check Mouth ulcer.
Doctor : OK, Do you have Skin pain?
Patient : True, I have felt so.
Doctor : Based on symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2348
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Pain in eye. I can't move my eyelids. I have redness and swelling also.
Doctor : That must have been causing hindrance in your vision. Let me know further symptoms, have you got Mass on eyelid?
Patient : Sure, I have that.
Doctor : Do you have Skin growth?
Patient : Literally, I have Skin growth.
Doctor : Have you got Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : I am not entirely sure about it. Please see Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : Have you noticed Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : According to symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29732
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Groin pain. It is there for almost two weeks. I have tried many medicines but nothing is helping me.
Doctor : I can get it. It must have been hard for you to endure it. Groin pain can be due to many reasons. Have you felt Nausea recently?
Patient : Yes, I have been suffering from it.
Doctor : Have you got Sharp chest pain?
Patient : True, I have got it.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Vaginal pain?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : OK, you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 2983
Patient : Doctor, I have got Fever. It is not curing for the last ten days. I am feeling some other symptoms also. How can I get cured?
Doctor : I understand that you might be feeling weak because of this prolonged fever. What other symptoms you have? Do you have Sore throat?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Ankle pain too?
Patient : True, I have Ankle pain.
Doctor : OK, do you have Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Definitely, I am dealing with Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18869
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Skin lesion. What could be its cause? The spots are very painful. 
Doctor : I am getting you. I have got lesions on my skin before. Some lesions can be extremely painful. Have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : Yes, I have Skin rash.
Doctor : Fine, have you felt Itching of skin?
Patient : You are correct. I am experiencing an irritation sensation.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Allergic reaction?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18758
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Weakness. I don't have any energy to do daily chores. Nowadays I sleep for about 10-11 hours and still wake up very tired. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your problem. Let me proceed with the symptom investigation. Are you dealing with Problems with movement?
Patient : Exactly, I have Problems with movement.
Doctor : Have you felt Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Hand or finger weakness?
Patient : You are right doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2929
Patient : Good morning sir. I have got something on my palm surface. Please check Skin rash.
Doctor : It looks like rash. You might be feeling irriation on this palm. Have you got Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes, I have that.
Doctor : Do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 7807
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain in eye.
Doctor : Fine, have you got Eye redness?
Patient : I don't know have a look Eye redness.
Doctor : Do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : I am not confirmed, check it out Swollen eye.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13657
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Vaginal bleeding after menopause.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13163
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Pain in testicles. It is for the last couple of weeks. First I did not took care. But now I feel it is increasing day by day. What might be the reason?
Doctor : Alright, take care. Don't ignore. Are you suffering from Impotence?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Frequent urination?
Patient : Correct, I have trouble with Frequent urination.
Doctor : Have you dealt with involuntary urination?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26592
Patient : Good evening doctor, I am suffering from Neck pain. Last week I spent most of my time working on a computer. Is this related to that?
Doctor : Maybe. Excessive working on a computer can cause neck pain. But there are many reasons other than this which. Let me investigate it for you. Do you have Headache too?
Patient : True, I have got Headache.
Doctor : OK, have you experienced Diminished vision?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Nausea?
Patient : So true, I am ill with Diminished vision.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13400
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Headache. Sometimes it is very serious. I feel my head will burst soon. Is it a matter of concern? Why it happens to me?
Doctor : Well, I would like to ask you, have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Vomiting too?
Patient : That is right. I am dealing with Vomiting.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29518
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Vaginal bleeding after menopause.
Doctor : Alright, I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 13816
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Back pain. It is quite frequent that I suffer from it. I didn't have any injury after all. Why it is so then?
Doctor : OK, it is very common among people nowadays. Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Problems with movement.
Doctor : Fine, based on symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13448
Patient : Doctor, I am feeling Wrist pain. It almost feels like it is broken. Is it due to the excessive writing work that I had done yesterday?
Doctor : I am so sorry that you have to go through this pain. Do you have any other symptoms like Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Have you Facial pain?
Patient : It seems to be.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Ankle pain?
Patient : I have been enduring Ankle pain for the past one week. It makes my foot movement difficult when I walk.
Doctor : I am getting you feet pain makes walk difficult. Have you felt Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Excessive anger?
Patient : Exactly, I have trouble with Excessive anger.
Doctor : Have you experienced Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Indeed, I have got it.
Doctor : Do you have Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : OK, have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : True, I am suffering from Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Fatigue?
Patient : Literally, I have experienced Fatigue.
Doctor : Do you suffer from Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes, I do.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9969
Patient : Doctor, I have got Long menstrual periods. It is there for almost 7-9 days in a month. I wonder if it will cause any problems in the future.
Doctor : I have got your problem. Long menstrual periods can cause problems if it is not treated properly. Have you got a Lump or mass of breast?
Patient : True, I have a small lump around breast area.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 501
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Cough.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9082
Patient : Hello doctor, I have felt Wrist pain. Actually I did not get any wrist injury or something like that. That's why I am a bit worried. I can't move my hands properly. How long it will take to be cured?
Doctor : I have gone through this condition before, So I know it must be hard for you to move your wrist. Let me investigate further symptoms to find the best way to deal with it. Have you got Ankle pain? 
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Knee lump or mass?
Patient : So true, I have got a Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 11531
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Elbow weakness. I can't carry anything heavy. My hand is not able to provide enough support to carry anything. Is it something serious?
Doctor : I can understand your problem. Have you got any Depressive or psychotic symptoms other than elbow weakness?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3327
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Anxiety and nervousness. I was very bold. Nowadays I can't follow why I am becoming nervous? I can't take any decision. I am feeling depressed.
Doctor : OK, fine, don't take any pressure. Are you dealing with Depression?
Patient : True, I am Depressed.
Doctor : Have you got Weight gain?
Patient : It seems to be, doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25428
Patient : Hello doctor, I see Spots or clouds in vision. Also, I am having very watery eyes. What is the cause for this doctor?
Doctor : OK, I can get your problem. You said you are having watery eyes, then you have got Lacrimation, right?
Patient : Right, I am sickened with Lacrimation.
Doctor : Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you suffered from Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Indeed, I have trouble with Abnormal movement of eyelid.
Doctor : Have you got Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : I am not confident, see it Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : Have you felt Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : Don't know, see Swollen eye.
Doctor : Do you feel Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8663
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Back pain. Because of it, I can't even stand up properly.
Doctor : I understand your concern. Back pain is troublesome and causes an imbalance in body. To get to its root cause, let me know do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I am not sure, have a look Skin rash.
Doctor : Have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Skin lesion.
Doctor : Have you felt Itching of skin?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : True, I have seen Abnormal appearing skin on my palm.
Doctor : Have you felt Ankle pain?
Patient : For sure.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4031
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14652
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Shoulder pain. I get it quite often and without any proper reason. How can I get relief from such frequent shoulder pain? 
Doctor : How often do you get? Are you also dealing with Ache all over?
Patient : Yes, I have Ache all over.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8617
Patient : Doctor, I have felt Back pain. It happens with me quite often. Every time it becomes so severe that sometimes I get bed ridden. Sometimes I can not move my hand also. Why it is so? 
Doctor : OK, I have got your case. Have you got Neck pain?
Patient : Yes, I have felt the pain in neck.
Doctor : Do you have Headache too?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Knee pain?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Hip pain?
Patient : Right, I am suffering from Hip pain.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 12841
Patient : Doctor, I have got Symptoms of the kidneys. I have frequent urination also. I feel pain with urination. I have some abdominal pain also. What might be the cause?
Doctor : OK, How long you are suffering? Have you felt Shortness of breath?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Correct, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Have you got Congestion in chest?
Patient : Indeed, I am sickened with Congestion in chest.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Weakness?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14819
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Diminished vision.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5469
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Knee pain.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 11530
Patient : Doctor, I have got Hysterical behavior. I seem to have that many personality disorders at once. Everyone thinks I am a maniac. Please understand doctor I am not so. 
Doctor : I can understand your situation. You shouldn't be affected by other opinions. You don't have to worry. To get better idea of its cause, tell me, have you got Drug abuse?
Patient : True, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Do you feel Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes, I do.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27652
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shortness of breath.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29933
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Vulvar sore. I found it only recently. It is reddish and itching also. How can I be cured? I am tensed.
Doctor : I am getting you what you have been through. Please understand tension can not cure any disease.  First let me know do you have Knee lump or mass?
Patient : True, I have Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 365
Patient : Doctor, please see my eye Swollen eye.
Doctor : I see, your eyes are slighlty swelled up. Please answer, have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Diminished vision.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain in eye?
Patient : Absolutely, I do feel it.
Doctor : Have you got Eye redness?
Patient : Don't know, please see Eye redness.
Doctor : It looks like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10318
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Leg pain. I have taken several treatments to cure this but it is not subsidizing. Please help me doctor. 
Doctor : Please don't worry about this. Let me proceed with the symptom investigation. Do you have Knee pain too?
Patient : True, I have Knee pain.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13075
Patient : Doctor, I have got Vomiting? I did not take any junk food or any oily and spicy food which is difficult to digest. I do not have any other disease also. Then why I am feeling vomiting?
Doctor : I have some queries. Have you got Headache too?
Patient : Yes, I have trouble with Headache.
Doctor : Do you have Nausea?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : Nowadays, I do feel Dizziness.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4549
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Infertility.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9802
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Abnormal appearing skin. I am not getting enough confidence while going outside because of this. 
Doctor : I can understand. I have been through your situation as well. Many people judged me based on my face. To get an idea of its cause, let me know have you got Acne or pimples?
Patient : True, I am dealing it.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21159
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Leg cramps or spasms.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26529
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Penile discharge. I am having some associated problems also. I am very much bothered about this discharge. Can I be cured soon? I can not work properly.
Doctor : I am getting you are extremely worried about this problem. Many people suffer from it. So, don't worry. First, please clarify other problem details. Have you got Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Vaginal pain?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Frequent urination?
Patient : Exactly, I am suffering from Vaginal pain.
Doctor : Do you have Lower abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Lower abdominal pain.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17619
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shortness of breath. I can't do any task without gasping for breath. I am very much annoyed about this. Please help. 
Doctor : I am so sorry to hear that you have to go through this. Have you got any Skin rash?
Patient : Not sure what it is, see Skin rash.
Doctor : Yeah, it is a rash. It looks like some allergic reaction impact. Have you felt Itching of skin?
Patient : Correct, I have felt Itching of skin. 
Doctor : Do you have Nausea?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Throat swelling?
Patient : Right, I am dealing with Throat swelling.
Doctor : According to your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15457
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Infertility.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4024
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Infrequent menstruation. It is creating me a lot of problem. Why it is so? How can I get cured?
Doctor : OK, do you have Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : True, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Then, based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27175
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Excessive anger. I am not able to control my anger in any situation. Last day, I went to an interview there I started shouting at the interviewer. Please help me doctor.
Doctor : Anger can be due to excessive frustration. Let me do the symptom analysis. Have you got any Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Do you have Facial pain?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Fatigue?
Patient : Yes, I have got Fatigue.
Doctor : OK, based on your symptom you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7092
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Unwanted hair growth on my body. It has taken a toll on my confidence. How to deal with this?
Doctor : I understand your problem. Many people lose confidence because of excessive hair growth. Please answer a few questions first so that I can find its root cause. So, have you got Weight gain?
Patient : Yes, I have trouble with Weight gain.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : For sure, I do feel it.
Doctor : Have you got Fluid retention?
Patient : True, I am suffering from Fluid retention.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2475
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shoulder pain. I think it is due to the carrying of heavy bags. What do you think?
Doctor : Do you have any other symptoms besides this? Have you felt any Ankle stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes, I have got Ankle stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Fine, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9776
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Depressive or psychotic symptoms. Quite often I feel depressed. My thinkings are becoming negative. I understand that sometimes I become violent on pretty issues. Why it is so?
Doctor : I have got your case. Do you have Anxiety and nervousness? 
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : Alright, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14400
Patient : Doctor, please see my eye Eye redness.
Doctor : I can see slight redness in your eye. Please answer a few questions so I can estimate its most probable cause. Have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from Diminished vision.
Doctor : Have you seen Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13529
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Abusing alcohol. I quit drinking alcohol for about an year ago. But recently after my mother's demise I returned to it. How can I stop this doctor?
Doctor : I can understand that your circumstances made it necessary to return back to it. So, are you also suffering from Drug abuse? 
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Depressive or psychotic symptoms? 
Patient : True, I am experiencing Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : Do you have Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14953
Patient : Doctor, I have been suffering from Vomiting.  I did not take any junk food or any oily and spicy food which is difficult to digest. I do not have any other disease also. Then why I am feeling vomiting?
Doctor : Well, I have got your points. Have you got Nausea?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Dizziness?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : Do you have Diarrhea?
Patient : Indeed, I am dealing with Diarrhea.
Doctor : Have you got Frontal headache?
Patient : True, I have got Frontal headache.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Fainting?
Patient : Yes, I have been suffering from Fainting.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27790
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Abnormal appearing skin. I am unable to go out with my friends because of this.
Doctor : I know what you might be feeling. At one time, I was also concerned about what others might think when I got the infection. So, do not worry about it. Let me know, do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Maybe see, Skin rash.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Allergic reaction?
Patient : Indeed, I am.
Doctor : Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : Yes, I have got Dizziness too.
Doctor : Have you got Lip swelling?
Patient : Correct, I have got Lip swelling.
Doctor : Do you have Headache too?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 383
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Anxiety and nervousness. It is only for the last five to six months. I was not so. Nowadays even pretty issues also make me anxious. I also feel nervous then, and fail to conclude what to do and what not. 
Doctor : Oh, it seems very serious. Please try to calm your mind. Engage yourself in meditation and extra-curricular fun activities. Please answer a few questions first to get a better idea of its cause. Have you got Sharp chest pain?
Patient : True, I have got Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Do you have Dizziness too?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Chest tightness?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Chest tightness.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1079
Patient : Doctor, I have got Difficulty speaking. It is only recently I am experiencing so. I did not have any injury or brain injury of that kind. I don't have any other kind of serious health issues.
Doctor : How do you feel? Do you have any other symptoms? Have you got Weakness too?
Patient : Yes, I do feel Weakness.
Doctor : Do you have Back pain?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Alright, are you suffering from Leg cramps or spasms?
Patient : Right, I have got Leg cramps or spasms.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28800
Patient : Doctor, I have experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I am experiencing these for the past 4-5 months. But I never thought about it seriously. Please help me doctor.
Doctor : OK, I understand your condition. Depression can be due to various reasons. So, I need to ask you a few questions first to get to its root cause. Tell me, have you got Vomiting too? 
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Nausea?
Patient : Yes, I have got Nausea.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : True, I do have Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2318
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Shoulder pain. It suffers me a lot. It is a problem which I had to deal with frequently. I don't know why I suffer so much from shoulder pain.
Doctor : Well, I got your situation. Do you have Back pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have it.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Headache?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Have you got Hip pain?
Patient : True, I have got Hip pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Fatigue?
Patient : Literally, I suffer from Fatigue more often.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3969
Patient : Doctor, please see my skin Skin growth.
Doctor : Have you got Wrist pain?
Patient : Exactly, I am suffering from Wrist pain.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20934
Patient : Doctor, I have got Difficulty speaking. I tend to forget words while speaking. Is there any cure for this?
Doctor : Yes, there is. I worry you have got me. Have you observed any Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Indeed, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : Do you have Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : True, I have got Difficulty in swallowing.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25915
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Diminished vision. I have eye redness and swelling also. I have lacrimation also. Why it is happening so? I am fearing.
Doctor : OK, I got it. Do you have Eye redness?
Patient : I am not confirmed, please look Eye redness.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : I am not confident, have a look Swollen eye.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16825
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Pain in eye. It is so bad that I can't open my eyes. I also have watery eyes. Please help me doctor.
Doctor : I feel so sorry for you. I understand that eye pain is the worst pain ever. Do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes, I have got Diminished vision.
Doctor : Alright, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6193
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Painful menstruation. It happens every time. I don't know why it is? How can I get cured?
Doctor : It happens, but I have to look minto. Have you got Sharp abdominal pain too?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Heavy menstrual flow?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Heavy menstrual flow.
Doctor : Do you have Burning abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Burning abdominal pain.
Doctor : OK, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7503
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Peripheral edema. What could be its cause? How to cure this doctor?
Doctor : Let me investigate your other symptoms to get a better idea. So, have you got Wrist pain?
Patient : True, I have Wrist pain.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain?
Patient : That is right. It hinders my hand movement. I am preparing for swimming competition. I am worried I will lose it.
Doctor : I know you for sure will be worried about it. Once I lose a dance competition because of a minor leg injury. I was sad for one week. So, it is normal. Tell me, have you got Hand or finger swelling?
Patient : Yes, I have swelling in my fingers.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23722
Patient : Doctor, I have felt Depression. I don't know why I am feeling so. I have become negative thinker and violent also. 
Doctor : OK, I have made out. Have you got Drug abuse?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16375
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Dizziness. It is only recently. I don't find any interest in doing my jobs. I don't like to go to my office. Why I feel so?
Doctor : OK, this may happen due to several reasons. Have you got Nausea?
Patient : True, I have got Nausea too.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27137
Patient : Doctor, I have got Knee pain.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3809
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Chills. Apart from belly problems I don't have any disturbances. I don't know why it Chills me. How do I get cured?
Doctor : OK, I got it. Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : True, I have got Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Have you got Lower abdominal pain too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29378
Patient : Doctor, I have felt Plugged feeling in ear. I can't hear things properly. Am I going deaf?
Doctor : I got your problem. The plugged ear feeling can be due to numerous causes. But do you have any symptoms like Diminished hearing? 
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Ear pain?
Patient : True, I have got Ear pain.
Doctor : OK, are you also feeling Ringing in ear?
Patient : I do hear Ringing in ear.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Dizziness?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Dizziness too.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19602
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have felt Weakness. It is so from last Monday. How can it be cured doctor?
Doctor : Alright, I can understand. Let me proceed with the symptom analysis. Have you suffered from Vomiting recently?
Patient : True, I have got Vomiting.
Doctor : Do you have Nausea?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25571
Patient : Doctor, I feel Fatigue all the time. It is after my pregnancy I started to feel so. Why it is happening so? How to get cured?
Doctor : OK, Have you gone through Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Yes, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Have you experienced Excessive anger?
Patient : True, I have got Excessive anger.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Absolutely right.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18772
Patient : Doctor, I am going through Abnormal movement of eyelid.
Doctor : Have you got Mass on eyelid?
Patient : Yes, I have it on my left eye.
Doctor : Do you have Skin growth?
Patient : Right, I am struggling with Skin growth.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : Maybe, please see Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain in eye?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Have you noticed the Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Literally, I have got Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : Have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6522
Patient : Doctor, I am experiencing Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I often feel left alone in my home. Also, I don't like to talk with others. How to get rid of this doctor?
Doctor : OK, I understand your situation. Please try to talk with others. Are you also suffering from Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes, I have got Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Have you got Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20668
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Back pain. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16285
Patient : Hi doctor, I am going through Groin pain. Please, let me know its cause. Six months ago I also suffered from such groin pain. Why it is happening repeatedly?
Doctor : Sure. Tell me; you have Hip pain too?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Side pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Side pain too.
Doctor : Have you experienced Problems with movement?
Patient : True, I have Problems with movement.
Doctor : Fine, have you felt Knee pain?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : OK, per your symptoms, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 23681
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Painful sinuses. It is from last couple of weeks. I can't make out why I am feeling such pain?
Doctor : OK, have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : True, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Do you have Eye redness?
Patient : Yes, I have got Eye redness.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : Please, see Swollen eye.
Doctor : I see. Have you felt Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Right, I do feel it.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Mass on eyelid?
Patient : True, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4152
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Decreased appetite. It is for the last ten to twelve days. I can not follow why I am dealing with loss of appetite.
Doctor : Alright, I need to know, have you got Cough too?
Patient : Yes, I have Cough.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Hemoptysis?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2843
Patient : Hi doctor, nowadays, I have felt Weakness. Let me know its cause. Is it due to any serious issue? I am very much scared. 
Doctor : I understand your problem. Let me do the symptom investigation first. Tell me, Have you got Vomiting?
Patient : True, I have been suffering from Vomiting.
Doctor : Do you have Nausea?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Diarrhea?
Patient : Correct, doctor.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1958
Patient : Doctor, I have Back pain. It happens quite often with me. I never got any spinal injury. I do not have to carry weights also. Then what causing it?
Doctor : Alright, I have got your problem. Have you got Low back pain?
Patient : True, I am suffering from Low back pain.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3615
Patient : Hello doctor, I have experienced Leg pain. Would you please tell me its cause? I can't sleep all night due to this. Please help me doctor.
Doctor : OK, I wish you didn't have to go through that pain. Leg pain is a common symptom. What matters most is the symptoms associated with it. Have you gone through Seizures?
Patient : True, sometimes I have got Seizures.
Doctor : Have you experienced Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Problems with movement.
Doctor : Alright, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18787
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Vaginal bleeding after menopause. Why is it so? I am very much worried about this. Is it a symptom of cancer?
Doctor : Please don't guess any diseases. Let me proceed with the symptom analysis first. Have you got Pelvic pain recently?
Patient : True, I have suffered from Pelvic pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Cramps and spasms? 
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : OK, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 13040
Patient : Doctor, I have got Hand or finger weakness. I can't lift or carry weights. Sometimes my hands and fingers shiver. How to get cured?
Doctor : OK, I have some queries. Have you felt Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes, I have Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Do you have Hand or finger pain?
Patient : For sure, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : True, I am suffering from Paresthesia.
Doctor : Have you felt Arm pain?
Patient : Correct, I have got Arm pain.
Doctor : Do you have Neck pain?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also feeling Elbow pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Elbow pain too.
Doctor : Then, per your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21691
Patient : Hi doctor, my Skin on leg or foot looks infected. What could be its cause?  
Doctor : Alright, do you have Skin lesion too.
Patient : Yes, I have got Skin lesion.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12331
Patient : Hello doctor, I have Leg weakness. I can't move my leg. Also, I am unable to walk with this. Whenever I try to walk, I end up falling to the ground. Please help me cure this doctor.
Doctor : I can get what you have been going through. Please try to walk with a stick to get enough support. To get a better idea of its cause, let me know have you got Back pain too?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Low back pain?
Patient : True, I have got Low back pain.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Neck pain?
Patient : Yes, I do feel it.
Doctor : Fine, based on symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28618
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Acne or pimples.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15208
Patient : Doctor, I have got an Irregular appearing scalp. Nowadays, I hide my head as I am highly concerned about it. Please, let me know its cause. I can't even do partition-style hairstyles becuase of it. 
Doctor : I understand you are concerned about what others will say. It's natural to feel that we all have insecurities. To get to its root cause, tell me, have you got Acne or pimples?
Patient : Yes, I have got Acne or pimples.
Doctor : Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Exactly, I am dealing with Skin rash.
Doctor : Have you suffered from Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : You are totally correct.
Doctor : Your symptom analysis suggest that you have been suffering from [MASK] issue.
Dialog id : 4425
Patient : Good morning doctor, please see my eye Eye redness.
Doctor : I see. Have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : Indeed, I have got it.
Doctor : Have you felt Itching of skin?
Patient : True, I have Itching of skin too. Its sensation irritating me a lot.
Doctor : I can relate to you. In fact, I also get pissed when I feel irritation sensations. Do you have Cough too?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 20779
Patient : Hi doctor, see Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : It looks like your skin is dry. Please utilize good moisturizer to deal with it. To catch its root cause, please answer, are you suffering from Skin rash?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : Correct, doctor.
Doctor : Have you noticed Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : True, I am having Abnormal appearing skin issue.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23794
Patient : Hello doctor, please see Eye redness. What is wrong with me? Is it serious?
Doctor : Your eyes are slightly red. Let me dig deeper to know its actual cause. So, have you observed Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Lacrimation?
Patient : True, I have got Lacrimation.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21612
Patient : Doctor, I am Feeling ill.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 8845
Patient : Hi doctor, I have experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms. It is for the last two to three of months. Do I have some nerve problem? How can I get cured?
Doctor : Is there something that you are overthinking? Please let me know if I can help. Everything is temporary. You will get through it. Let me know, do you have Back pain too?
Patient : True, I have Back pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Leg pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16868
Patient : Doctor, please see my skin Skin rash. What are these? These irritates me a lot.
Doctor : It looks severe rash condition. No doubt you get irritated with these even though I have been through a similar case. It also irked me a lot. To dig into its cause, tell me, do you have Cough too?
Patient : For sure.
Doctor : Have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : True, I have Skin lesion issue.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16052
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Frequent urination. What could be its cause? It is very shameful that I am peeing myself sometimes. I am unable to control it. How to get rid of this?
Doctor : I wish you didn't have to go through this. It is troublesome, whole day, you need to keep in and out of washroom. Frequent urination can be due to various problems. So, please answer, are you also dealing with Impotence?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : You have got [MASK] disease.
Dialog id : 11245
Patient : Doctor, I have got Ache all over. I can not do any work. I am not finding any interest also in work. I feel as if I am handicapped. Why it is so?
Doctor : Well, don't have any mental tension. You will get well soon. Have you got Back pain too?
Patient : Yes, I am having Back pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : That is correct, doctor.
Doctor : OK, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 28213
Patient : Hi doctor, I have Kidney mass. My family physician is trying to convince me to do dialysis. Is it something to worry about?
Doctor : Let me see, Kidney mass can cause a range of symptoms, including frequent infections, weight loss, and fatigue. Have you felt Dizziness recently?
Patient : True, I felt Dizziness.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12082
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Back pain. I suffer from this back pain quite frequently. I can not follow why it is happening so often. 
Doctor : Fine, many people comes to me with such back pain. Have you got Side pain too?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Leg pain?
Patient : True, I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22491
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Decreased heart rate. What could be its cause?
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21661
Patient : Hi doctor, I am experiencing Abnormal involuntary movements. Please, let me know its cause.
Doctor : OK, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 20396
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Shortness of breath. Please help me doctor. I am very scared. Isn't it related to any heart or lungs problem? 
Doctor : Hello! There might be other issues for shortness of breath. I know you might be feeling suffocation because of shortness of breath. I suggest you do breathing exercises daily. This will improve your breathing. To know its root cause, let me ask you a few questions. So, are you also suffering from Peripheral edema?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Peripheral edema.
Doctor : Have you got Fluid retention?
Patient : Indeed, I do have that.
Doctor : Are you feeling Difficulty breathing?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : OK, do you have Cough too?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Cough.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1793
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Weight gain. What could be its cause? 
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10224
Patient : Hi doctor, I am going through Depression. I am recently feeling it. Many times my mood remains off. I don't like in doing work.
Doctor : OK, let me diagnose your problem. Have you felt Disturbance of memory?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you noticed Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Correct, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Paresthesia.
Doctor : Do you have Lip swelling?
Patient : I am not sure, see Lip swelling.
Doctor : Alright, are you also dealing with Excessive growth?
Patient : True, I have got Excessive growth.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14634
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Anxiety and nervousness. I am a 16-year-old boy suffering from excessive nervousness and an inferiority complex.  I am afraid of people and tend to run away from them. Please help me.
Doctor : Alright, I understand your situation. I am so sorry that you have to go through these at such an early age. Have you experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : OK, are you dealing with Weight gain?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 659
Patient : Doctor, I have got Hostile behavior. What could be its cause? It was sot so even in recent past.
Doctor : OK, I understands your problems. Do you have Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Right, I have got it.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17583
Patient : Good evening doctor! I am suffering from Lymphedema. I am having a problem in walking and standing. Even the size of my left leg is grown so much that I have given my bottom wear for tailoring. How can I cure this doctor? I am very much worried.
Doctor : Oh! My younger sibling is also dealing with this case. I wish you didn’t have to go through that. Even simple works like wearing clothes in that state are difficult. So, I understand your situation. Please tell have you got Joint pain?
Patient : True, I have Joint pain.
Doctor : Are you also Feeling ill?
Patient : Right, I am Feeling ill.
Doctor : Have you experienced Ache all over?
Patient : Yes, I have got Ache all over.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain?
Patient : Indeed, I have it.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29780
Patient : Doctor, I have experienced Bones are painful. Yes it is so. How can I get rid of?
Doctor : Fine, do you have Rib pain?
Patient : So true, I have got Rib pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Shortness of breath?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Alright, per your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4364
Patient : Doctor, I have got Difficulty speaking. How to cure this doctor? I am very tensed.
Doctor : OK, Difficulty in speaking can be due to numerous causes. No need to worry right now. Do you have Hip pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Hip pain.
Doctor : Have you got Back pain?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you experienced Leg pain too?
Patient : True, I have got Leg pain.
Doctor : Fine, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 24956
Patient : Hello doctor, please see Skin rash.
Doctor : Do you have Cough too?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Nasal congestion?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Irritable infant?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3125
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Nausea. I have tried many medicines but issue still persists. Please help.
Doctor : Oh! Then your might feel weak because of it. Please stay hydrated and take full course meals. Let me proceed with the investigation so that I can identify its root cause. Do you have any other symptoms like Skin rash?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Have you got Peripheral edema?
Patient : So true doctor. My right arm is swelled up.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Vomiting?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Vomiting too.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5331
Patient : Hi doctor, I have been experiencing Skin swelling on my cheeks for a few days. I also have an itching sensation there. Why is it so?
Doctor : I know the itching sensation irked. However, please avoid scratching the swelled part as it might worsen your condition. You can apply a cold compress to calm it. Now, please answer a few questions so that I can identify its root cause. Have you got Acne or pimples?
Patient : True, I have Acne or pimples.
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 16617
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : OK, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 5645
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Drug abuse. I left taking drugs about 2 years ago but recently I feel I am unable to live without them. How to cure this doctor?
Doctor : I can get it. Let me proceed with the symptom investigation. Are you also suffering from Abusing alcohol?
Patient : You are correct, doctor.
Doctor : Have you experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Delusions or hallucinations?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Delusions or hallucinations.
Doctor : Alright, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28313
Patient : Doctor, please see my knee Knee swelling.
Doctor : I see. Have you got Foot or toe pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Foot or toe pain.
Doctor : Have you also felt Hand or finger pain?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22218
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Infertility. Please, let me know its cause. We are trying for our baby since last two years or so. But failed. Kindly help us.
Doctor : Sure. Are you also dealing with Weight gain?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Weight gain.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18062
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Wrist swelling. How can I cure this? It is very painful. I am unable to write because of it. After three days, I have a written exam. Please help.
Doctor : Swelling might have hindered your hand movement. No doubt, you are facing difficulty in writing. Have you tried a warm compress? It might give swelling relief. To better understand your condition, answer a few questions first. Do you feel Wrist pain?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Have you also got Hand or finger pain?
Patient : True, I have got Hand or finger pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Arm pain?
Patient : Exactly, I have trouble with Arm pain.
Doctor : Have you experienced Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 380
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am Feeling ill. Would you please tell me its cause? I am bleeding heavily between my periods.
Doctor : Sure. First tell me, are you suffering from Intermenstrual bleeding?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16669
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Anxiety and nervousness. I am not able to talk with people because of my underlying fear of people. How to get rid of this doctor?
Doctor : OK, I have got your symptoms. Let me ask you, are you also feeling Depression?
Patient : True, I have got Depression too.
Doctor : Have you experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Excessive anger?
Patient : You are correct, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Low self-esteem?
Patient : Literally, I am dealing with Low self-esteem.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1447
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Pain or soreness of breast. It is for the last three weeks or so. I am worried about the sore. How can I get cured?
Doctor : Ok, I have some queries. Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Do you have Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Shoulder cramps or spasms.
Doctor : Have you got Facial pain?
Patient : True, I am feeling it.
Doctor : Have you felt Wrist pain?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : That is correct, doctor.
Doctor : Have you experienced Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes, I have got Excessive anger.
Doctor : Have you got Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Correct, I am struggling with Joint stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Do you have Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : Do you feel Fatigue more often?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : Then, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 15261
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shoulder stiffness or tightness. How can I get rid of this doctor?
Doctor : I can understand the problem. Have you felt Shoulder pain recently? 
Patient : Yes, I have Shoulder pain too.
Doctor : Are you feeling Ache all over?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Arm pain?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Muscle pain?
Patient : Yes, I have suffered from Muscle pain.
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3160
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Knee pain. What could be its cause? I have tried with some home remedies like using knee cap. But failed, and so I am here.
Doctor : OK, I understood. Do you have Foot or toe pain?
Patient : True, I have got Foot or toe pain.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18756
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Leg pain. Please, let me know its cause. I have heard that it may be due to spondylitis. Is it so?
Doctor : Alright, leg pain is very common. But it needs exact diagnosis. Have you got Back pain too?
Patient : Indeed, I have felt Back pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Low back pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Low back pain.
Doctor : Do you feel Ache all over?
Patient : True, I do feel it.
Doctor : Then, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 9522
Patient : Doctor, my child is suffering from Suprapubic pain. I can not judge what the problem is with him. I am worried for him.
Doctor : I can understand. As a father of two children, I know it hurts when our children suffer. Please let me know what other symptoms he is suffering from so that I can better understand his case. Is he got Diarrhea issue?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Is he dealing with Cough too?
Patient : Yes, he has got Cough.
Doctor : Is his Skin swelling?
Patient : You are totally right. 
Doctor : Per your symptoms confirmation, it looks like your child is suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 27060
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Fatigue.
Doctor : Alright, have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : True, I have Dizziness too.
Doctor : Have you got Foot or toe swelling?
Patient : Please, see Foot or toe swelling.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22555
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Diminished vision. What could be its cause? I am not a diabetic person, so sugar-related problems would not be the case. I have to write a job exam in the upcoming days. I am really worried. Please help.
Doctor : I am getting you with a vision problem you will not be able to utilize the exam time efficiently. I hope you will get better soon. Please tell me, have you got a Headache?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Do you have Focal weakness?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes, I have Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Nausea?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Problems with movement?
Patient : True, I have Problems with movement.
Doctor : Do you feel Dizziness?
Patient : Yeah, I have felt Dizziness.
Doctor : Alright, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11338
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Leg pain. It had started on Sunday still the pain is not reducing. Please help me doctor.
Doctor : I wish you did not have to go through that. Have you felt Loss of sensation?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Fever?
Patient : True, I have Fever.
Doctor : Are you feeling Ache all over?
Patient : Literally, I have Ache all over.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22268
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Loss of sensation. It is particularly near my neck region. Is it due to excessive working on the computer?
Doctor : Alright, I understand your symptoms. Let me proceed with the symptom investigation. Do you have Neck pain?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Right, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : Have you got Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes, I have Problems with movement.
Doctor : OK, your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2263
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Abusing alcohol. I haven't touched alcohol in the last 6 months but now I am again getting addicted to it.
Doctor : OK, I understand your symptoms. Have you felt Depression recently? Please tell me truthfully.
Patient : True, I have felt Depression.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26342
Patient : Doctor, I have got Wrist pain. I feel like I have lost sensation temporarily. Will I be able to get back the sensation?
Doctor : Fine, so you are telling me that you are having Loss of sensation, right?
Patient : So true, I have felt Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Do you feel Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Hand or finger pain.
Doctor : OK, have you got Arm pain?
Patient : That is correct, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Neck pain too?
Patient : True, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Elbow pain?
Patient : Right, I have Elbow pain too.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9988
Patient : Doctor, please see Skin growth. What could be its cause?
Doctor : I see. I think you may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 23358
Patient : Good morning doctor, I think I have got a Mass on eyelid. Because of it, it is very to difficult to see via that eye. I have a shooting ahead this week. Please help me. 
Doctor : I understand Mass on the eyelid really does hinder vision. It can be because of unhygienic or excessive exposure to the sun. Please try to take extra precautions for eye health. Try a good moisturizer and sleep with a clean eye. Use googles in sunlight. Now, please answer have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : OK, do you have Eye redness?
Patient : Please check Eye redness.
Doctor : Do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : For sure.
Doctor : Have you got Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Exactly, I have felt Itchiness of eye.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Skin growth?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Alright, are you feeling Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : Certainly, I have felt it.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 8080
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Irregular appearing skin on my face. It looks so disgusting. I am going to get married soon. So, my D-day is nearby. Please help me. 
Doctor : I understand you want to look your best on your wedding day. Since irregular appearing skin is on the face, that will be visible to all. You might be concerned about people's thoughts. Please do not judge yourself based on others' thoughts. About irregular skin, it can be because of many causes. Let me find its root cause. Have you got Skin rash?
Patient : Right, I have got it. 
Doctor : Do you have Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : Literally, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Warts too?
Patient : True doctor, I have got Warts on my jawline area.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4551
Patient : Doctor, I see Spots or clouds in vision. Why it is so? Do I have deposited dirt in my eyes? Or something else? I fear I woun't lose my vision.
Doctor : OK, I have got your case. Have you got Diminished Vision?
Patient : True, I have Diminished vision.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12753
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Warts on my face. How to get rid of this doctor? This is making my skin look horrible. I am scared to go outside bare face. Please help me cure it.
Doctor : I have got your point. You are highly concerned about others' opinions of yours. However, I suggest you don't take others' comments about you affecting your life. Try to follow a skincare routine to keep your skin healthy. Let me ask you a few questions to find its cause. Have you got a Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes doctor. I have Skin lesion issue.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Apnea?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Fine, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 19744
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Headache. It's sometimes so severe. I feel like that my head will crack. Why it is happening?
Doctor : I can relate to you that Headaches make life difficult. You might be having difficulty in performing a normal task. I suggest you try to engage yourself in meditation activities and avoid taking too much stress on yourself. Now, I have some more queries. Please answer, have you got Neck pain too?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt like Vomiting?
Patient : Yes, I have got Vomiting too.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23826
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Loss of sensation. I feel very weak also. I can not hold anything properly. I can't  understand why I am loosing my sensation. 
Doctor : Alright, I have to look into the matter. Do you have Headache too?
Patient : Yes, I have Headache.
Doctor : Have you dealt with Problems with movement?
Patient : True, I have got Problems with movement.
Doctor : Have you got Insomnia?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20852
Patient : Doctor, I have got Skin lesion. What could be its cause?
Doctor : Skin lesion can occur due to many reasons. Let me investigate so that I can help you provide the best solution to it. Have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : Not fully sure. Please examine it. Skin rash.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8683
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Excessive anger. It is for the last one month. My activities sometimes become violent. Later on I repent. Why it is so?
Doctor : Well, have you got Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Exactly, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Do you have Depression?
Patient : Yes, I have felt like Depression.
Doctor : Fine, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12303
Patient : Doctor, I have some problem in my eye, have a look Eyelid lesion or rash. What could be its cause?
Doctor : I see. Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Have you observed Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Yes, I have experienced Abnormal movement of eyelid.
Doctor : Do you have Eye redness?
Patient : That is right, I have trouble with Eye redness.
Doctor : Are you seeing Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : True, I see them.
Doctor : Have you felt Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : True, I have felt it.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : Maybe, please see my eye Swollen eye.
Doctor : Based on symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16201
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Retention of urine. I wonder why I am having this problem. Is it something serious?
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Impotence?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12826
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Poor circulation. Please, let me know its cause.
Doctor : Alright, I think you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 10308
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain in eye. Actually my vision is diminishing. I do not find any reason for losing my vision. What may cause this? 
Doctor : OK, do you have Blindness too?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Blindness.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17114
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Lower body pain. And because of it, I cannot sleep properly.
Doctor : Have you got Back pain?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Low back pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have got Low back pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Leg pain?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Neck pain?
Patient : True, I am.
Doctor : Do you have Side pain too?
Patient : Indeed, I am having Side pain.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20470
Patient : Doctor, I have experienced Hostile behavior. I am living a nightmare because of it.
Doctor : Alright, have you got Drug abuse?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Absolutely, I am struggling with them.
Doctor : Have you felt Depression?
Patient : Yes, I am going through Depression too.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : True, I have got Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : OK, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12772
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Hand or finger pain. I am unable to study or work on my laptop.
Doctor : OK, are you also dealing with Knee pain?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Knee pain.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Hand or finger lump or mass?
Patient : I am not confirmed, check it out Hand or finger lump or mass.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist swelling?
Patient : Yes, I have got swelling in my wrist.
Doctor : You are having symptoms of [MASK].
Dialog id : 13661
Patient : Hi doctor, I have felt Dizziness. Please, let me know its cause. I have no other problems. Is it something serious and need to be bothered?
Doctor : Sure. Have you got Excessive appetite?
Patient : True, I have got Excessive appetite.
Doctor : Do you have Cough?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Cough too.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27309
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Intermenstrual bleeding. It is very uncomforable and unbearable. Please help.
Doctor : OK, do you have Pelvic pain?
Patient : Yes, I have suffered from Pelvic pain.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8106
Patient : Doctor, I have experienced Abnormal involuntary movements. I can't follow why it has started. Earlier I never felt such movement. Do I will be cured?
Doctor : Have you felt Weakness?
Patient : Yes, I have felt so.
Doctor : Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : True, I have got Problems with movement.
Doctor : Do you have Back pain?
Patient : That is correct, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Literally, I have Difficulty in swallowing.
Doctor : OK, have you got Fatigue quickly?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Fine, your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7692
Patient : Hi doctor, I am going through Depression.  I am going through a tough time and feeling really down.
Doctor : OK, have you got Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : I think you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16204
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Low back pain. I have been struggling to sleep at night. It is affecting my daily chores.
Doctor : Do you have Back pain?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Hip pain too?
Patient : True, I am suffering from Hip pain too.
Doctor : OK, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 9543
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am experiencing Disturbance of memory. I cannot work properly because of it.
Doctor : Alright, have you felt Depression?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Depression.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 736
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Nailbiting. What could be its cause?
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16761
Patient : Doctor, I have got a Lump or mass of breast. Please, let me know its cause. It is creating a lot of problems in my personal life. Even I am not able to sleep because of it.
Doctor : Breast lumps are troublesome. You might be facing difficulty in wearing clothes. Even my wife has faced the same issue. You should try soft mattresses on your bed. And to find its root cause, let me investigate further. Tell me, are you also feeling Pain or soreness of breast.
Patient : True, I have felt so.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24755
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got severe Itching of skin. What could be its cause? Please help me cure this.
Doctor : I understand itching sensation might be hindering your routine work. I advise you to follow skin care to avoid infections. You can try a cold or hot compress to suppress this sensation. To know its root cause, please answer if you have any Skin rash?
Patient : I am not sure, please see Skin rash.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23106
Patient : Hi Doctor. Please check why I have Infertility issue. I feel awakward because of it, why is this happening?
Doctor : I comprehend your condition, I will try my best to diagnose it so that you can feel normal. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8403
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Fluid retention. It is making me feel uneasy, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I understand your concern and I'll work to improve your health. Do you have Shortness of breath?
Patient : You are totally right doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Leg swelling?
Patient : Yes I am having Leg swelling.
Doctor : I wish you didn’t have to go through that. do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25932
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Infertility issue. Nowadays, I remain tense because of it. Please, suggest to me a solution to cure it.
Doctor : No need to worry. I am here to help. Let me know do you have Bleeding or discharge from nipple?
Patient : True sometimes I have Bleeding or discharge from nipple.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11970
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Sweating. It causes me to generate foul smell, why is this happening?
Doctor : I understand your condition, I will help you to get rid of this Sweating problem. I see, are you having Seizures?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Seizures.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Depression?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Depression.
Doctor : I am glad that you have contacted us. We will diagnose. Do you have Sore throat?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Sore throat.
Doctor : I see, are you having Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Focal weakness?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16429
Patient : Hello, doctor! I have some problem in my skin, have a look Skin rash. I have been feeling severe irritation sensation there.
Doctor : Let me check. It looks like a rash. Skin there is not in good condition. I can understand it is for sure irritating a lot. Let me know whether you have Skin lesion.
Patient : Right, I have got Skin lesion.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26411
Patient : I think I have Disturbance of memory. I can't remember what I said few minutes before properly, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I am here so that you can develop sharp memory once again. Do you have Seizures?
Patient : True sometimes I have Seizures.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20632
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Wrist pain. I can't rotate my wrist because of it, help me.
Doctor : I understand you want to feel your wrist should work properly, I'll diagnose its reason. I see, are you having Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Hand or finger pain.
Doctor : No need to worry. It is commen in many people.  Do you have Shoulder pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Shoulder pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15137
Patient : I think I have Cough.
Doctor : No problem. let me help you with that do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : True sometimes I have Itching of skin.
Doctor : I see, are you having Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes, I have it.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Skin swelling?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25714
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Depression. 
Doctor : It would be great to be free of this, do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I see, are you having Sharp chest pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Indeed Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Shortness of breath?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Shortness of breath.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Headache?
Patient : True sometimes I have Headache.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Insomnia?
Patient : True sometimes I have Insomnia.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10336
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Diminished vision. I can't see properly while driving, why is this happening?
Doctor : I understand your safety is my priority, and that vision is important while driving. Do you have Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes I am having Itchiness of eye.
Doctor : Ohh, It is annoying, do you have Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Spots or clouds in vision.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22716
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Shoulder stiffness or tightness. I can't use it to do push ups, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : Dont worry we are here to help. are you having Shoulder pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see, are you having Arm pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Arm pain.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Stiffness all over?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24098
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Cough. I feel my whole throat is filled with cough, why is this happening?
Doctor : I feel that I can't see you suffering, I'll diagnose its cause. Alright, do you have Excessive appetite?
Patient : True sometimes I have Excessive appetite.
Doctor : I can understand your problem, are you having Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Frequent urination?
Patient : Indeed Frequent urination.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18905
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Abusing alcohol. It is making me loose my awareness, can you tell its reason.
Doctor : I understand your concern having awareness is important to do any activity. Alright, do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Indeed Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : That must be annoying, are you having Depression?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9116
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Fever?
Patient : True sometimes I have Fever.
Doctor : Ohh, I can understand your pain. Do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : You are totally right.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17526
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Loss of sensation. I feel so numb, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : Don't worry, You will be alright. tell me one thing,  are you having Difficulty speaking?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5819
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Ankle pain. Its pain is out of this world, why is this happening?
Doctor : I get your point of view, its hard to enjoy one's life with such pain. Alright, do you have Foot or toe pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ohh, I am glad that you felt like having discussion. Are you having Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25874
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Ankle pain. I can't stand on my feet because of it.
Doctor : It is my desire that you are able to walk freely again. Ok, let me see. Do you have Foot or toe pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : You will be alright, do you have Weight gain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Weight gain.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Retention of urine?
Patient : True sometimes I have Retention of urine.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22529
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Allergic reaction.
Doctor : I see, are you having Skin rash?
Patient : I am not fully sure about it. Please examine it, Skin rash.
Doctor : I see, are you having Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes, doctor. Because of this itching sensation, I have got a lot of scratches on my body. It's hard not to rub the skin. Please suggest to me a solution not to rub it.
Doctor : I know it is hard to endure itching sensation. But please avoid scratching the skin as it might lead to infection spread. You can utilize a cold or hot compress to get temporary relief from this sensation. Please, let me know whether you have Abnormal appearing skin or not.
Patient : Right, I am dealing with Abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, it seems like you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 21627
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Sharp abdominal pain. It feels my abdomen is about to explode, please help.
Doctor : I understand your concern and wish you didn't had to go through it. Ok, let me see. Do you have Penile discharge?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see, are you having Vaginal itching?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ohh, I see what you are gong through, are you having Painful urination?
Patient : True sometimes I have Painful urination.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28549
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Pain in eye. I feel I want to itch my eyes continously, please help.
Doctor : I want to remove your suffering, I'll diagnose it. I see, are you having Swollen eye?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Don't panic, do you have Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : True sometimes I have Foreign body sensation in eye.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Eye burns or stings?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3192
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I feel sadness has entered my heart, why is this happening?
Doctor : I care deeply that you start feeling joyful again. Do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Don't loose your calm. Do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29648
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Abnormal involuntary movements. My arm moves randomly, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I understand having control over arm is important to make proper use of it. What ever it is can be diagnosed. do you have Headache?
Patient : Indeed Headache.
Doctor : I see, are you having Arm stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15262
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Skin lesion issue on my fingers. I feel irritation sensation when I wash my hand with soap and sanitizer. What could be its cause?
Doctor : OK, I understand you have been feeling an intense itching sensation. But, I suggest you deal with blisters gently. Avoid using harsh chemical-equipped soaps and detergents. I need to ask you a few questions to get a better idea of its cause. So, are you suffering from Frequent urination?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10197
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Sweating. It generates foul smell, help me.
Doctor : I understand you want to get along with people, I care about your social life Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21913
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Infertility. I feel uneasy because of it, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I am here to help you so that you feel healthy. Do you have Unpredictable menstruation?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20386
Patient : I think I have Fatigue. I feel so lethargic, why is this happening?
Doctor : I understand your concern that you want to feel energetic and I'll help you achieve it. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12844
Patient : I think I have Impotence. I feel uncomfortable, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I understand its important for you to become healthy. Don't be sad, do you have Retention of urine?
Patient : Yes I am having Retention of urine.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29433
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Chest tightness. I feel intense pressure, why is this happening?
Doctor : I am present here to help you alleviate your suffering. Alright, do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Indeed Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : I can udestrand your situation, do you have Dizziness?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4672
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Pain in eye. I feel a burning sensation, why is this happening?
Doctor : I understand you want to get rid of the pain, I am here to help you do that. I see, are you having Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : Yes I am having Wrist pain.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : True sometimes I have Pain during pregnancy.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Excessive anger?
Patient : Indeed Excessive anger.
Doctor : I see, are you having Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I can understand how difficult for you it is, are you having Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Indeed Pain or soreness of breast.
Doctor : I see, are you having Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Fatigue?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Fatigue.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Excessive urination at night?
Patient : True sometimes I have Excessive urination at night.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1844
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Ache all over. I feel pain all time, what's wrong with pain.
Doctor : I understand that its hard to bear such aches, I see, are you having Loss of sensation?
Patient : True sometimes I have Loss of sensation.
Doctor : We will see why it is there. Don't worry. do you have Leg pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Back pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22932
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Vomiting. I feel so heavy in my stomach, please help.
Doctor : I get what you are going through, feeling light in one's stomach is important. I am here to move you out of this feeling I will help you out, do you have Skin rash?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see, are you having Skin lesion?
Patient : Indeed Skin lesion.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14853
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Lacrimation. I get excessive tears without any reason, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I comprehend your condition that tears without any reason can surprise oneself. Let me check, do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Eye redness?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Swollen eye?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Diminished vision.
Doctor : I hear what are you saying, are you having Itchiness of eye?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24939
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Skin lesion. I have problem in skin, please help.
Doctor : I realize your condition, I will try to diagnose it. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23730
Patient : Please check my skin Skin rash
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : True sometimes I have Itching of skin.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7247
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Nausea. I feel uncomfortable in stomach, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I understand your concern that feeling uncomfortable in stomach can make one feel restless in one's mind. That sounds frustrating, are you having Headache?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14058
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Low back pain. I can't sit properly, why is this happening?
Doctor : I understand that sitting is important in life, we need to diagnose reason for your pain. Let me check, do you have Back pain?
Patient : Yes I am having Back pain.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I know you are going through a lot. Do you have Headache?
Patient : Indeed Headache.
Doctor : I see, are you having Hip pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Hip pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19516
Patient : I think I have Lump or mass of breast. I feel uncomfortable because of it, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I care about your health. I'll diagnose its cause. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18016
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Back pain. I feel I can't touch my feet with my hands, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I understand your concern, flexibility is important in life and back pain can affect it. Let me check, do you have Hip pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Hip pain.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Leg pain.
Doctor : I see what's going on here, do you have Paresthesia?
Patient : Indeed Paresthesia.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Stiffness all over?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2936
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Vaginal bleeding after menopause. I feel so irritated about it, help me.
Doctor : I feel your pain, I want to diagnose it. You’re in a tough spot here, do you have Absence of menstruation?
Patient : Indeed Absence of menstruation.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13863
Patient : I think I have Hand or finger pain. I can't type on keyboard, why is this happening?
Doctor : I see it is important for you to type in order for you to write program. I'll diagnose it. That must be so annoying. Do you have Peripheral edema?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Peripheral edema.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29911
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Loss of sensation. I can't hold objects, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I understand, sensation is important for perception. I'll diagnose it. I wish you didn’t have to go through that. are you having Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15961
Patient : I think I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Lacrimation?
Patient : Indeed Lacrimation.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Abnormal movement of eyelid.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : I can understand your pain, are you having Eye redness?
Patient : I am not confident, check it out Eye redness
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2191
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I don't feel any joy in living, please help.
Doctor : I hear your story, living a joyful life is an essential condition and I can't you suffering. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17118
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I feel I want to drown in a sea, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I understand your concern, let's dianose why are you having thoughts of self harm. I see, are you having Depression?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see, are you having Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ohh you are going throug a lot, do you have Lip swelling?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16090
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Lump or mass of breast. It is making me feel uncomfortable, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I get it, I care for your safe health. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27490
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Problems with movement. I can't walk for long time, help me.
Doctor : I think I get you, movement is important for every human. I'll diagnose it. Alright, do you have Foot or toe pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : No wonder you’re irritated. Do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : Indeed Ankle pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10463
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Ear pain.
Doctor : I see, are you having Diminished hearing?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Diminished hearing.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Plugged feeling in ear?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see what you are going through, do you have Redness in ear?
Patient : Not sure please check Redness in ear
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10613
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I feel like I should jump from building, why is this happening?
Doctor : I can't see you sufferring, I will act such that you don't have such thoughts. Ok, let me see. Do you have Low self-esteem?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : I am glad that you chose to discuss this, do you have Excessive anger?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Excessive anger.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14771
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Painful urination. I have severe irritation because of it, help me.
Doctor : I can comprehend your condition, pain in urination can cause distress. Ok, let me see. Do you have Penile discharge?
Patient : True sometimes I have Penile discharge.
Doctor : I see, are you having Vaginal discharge?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Vaginal discharge.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Vaginal pain?
Patient : Indeed Vaginal pain.
Doctor : You are in a lot of pain here. I can feel it. are you having Itching of skin?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9130
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Leg pain. I can't go to walk because of it, help me.
Doctor : I realize your troubles that walking is important for health, and you don't want to lose your ability to walk. It would be great to be free of this. Do you have Low back pain?
Patient : Yes I have Low back pain.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : Indeed Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28625
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Ringing in ear. I hear buzzing sound even when there is no nearby objects, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I realize your condition, hearing continous sound when nothing is around can make one feel uncomfortable. Ok, let me see. Do you have Diminished hearing?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Diminished hearing.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Plugged feeling in ear?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Redness in ear?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Yopuy must be filling trapped, are you having Fluid in ear?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16649
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Fever. I can't feel normal because of it, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I am sorry you are going through this, I will diagnose it. Ok, let me see. Do you have Sore throat?
Patient : True sometimes I have Sore throat.
Doctor : I see, are you having Excessive anger?
Patient : I do have Excessive anger.
Doctor : I see, are you having Facial pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Facial pain.
Doctor : That would make me worried too, do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15202
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I feel like I want to end my life, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I understand I need to act desperately so that you don't have such symptoms. Ok, let me see. Do you have Nausea?
Patient : Yes I am having Nausea.
Doctor : I see, are you having Dizziness?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I think I am getting what you are going through, do you have Frontal headache?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12282
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Vaginal discharge. I feel uneasy because of it, why is this happening?
Doctor : I understand you want to feel normal, I will help you. I wish you didn’t have to go through that., do you have Penile discharge?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I see, are you having Painful urination?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11216
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Seizures. It is causing me uncontrollabe jerking movements, why is this happening?
Doctor : I understand it is important for you to have proper control over your limbs. Alright, do you have Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : I do have Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Don't be nervous, We'll diagnose what you are going through, do you have Neck stiffness or tightness?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21850
Patient : I think I have Disturbance of memory. I can't remeber my good days, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I understand that you want to remeber your good memories, let's diagnose it. I see, are you having Headache?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see, are you having Seizures?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I see, are you having Dizziness?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Paresthesia?
Patient : I do have Paresthesia.
Doctor : It must have been dificult for you. Do you have Leg weakness?
Patient : True sometimes I have Leg weakness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16426
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Heavy menstrual flow. It makes me feel uneasy, please help.
Doctor : I get why you are feeling uneasy. I'll do my best. That sounds bad, do you have Unpredictable menstruation?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Unpredictable menstruation.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8585
Patient : I think I have Blindness. I can't see faces of my family members, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I care deeply about you and let's work so that you can see beautiful faces of your family members. It sounds scary.  are you having Diminished vision?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16180
Patient : I think I have Hand or finger pain. I can't catch ball while playing cricket, why is this happening?
Doctor : I can understand you like to play cricket but having pain in had you can't enjoy it. Let me check, do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : I do have Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Paresthesia?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Paresthesia.
Doctor : I can understand your feelings. Do you have Neck pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2579
Patient : I think I have Depression. I feel loss of interest in movies that I used to enjoy, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I am here to help you so that you can once again enjoy movies. Do you have Disturbance of memory?
Patient : I do have Disturbance of memory.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Paresthesia?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Paresthesia.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Lip swelling?
Patient : Yes I am having Lip swelling.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11238
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Infertility. It is making me uncomfortable, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I understand how you feel, I'll do my best so that you don't have to face infertility. Do you have Pelvic pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Painful menstruation?
Patient : I do have Painful menstruation.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Heavy menstrual flow?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Burning abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Chills?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Chills.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10789
Patient : I think I have Decreased appetite. I don't feel hungry even when I don't eat for several hours, why is this happening?
Doctor : I get your story, eating food is important for maintaining health but not having urge is a problem. Do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : I do have Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : That would make me mad too, are you having Excessive anger?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9566
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Loss of sensation. I feel so numb around my legs.
Doctor : I am here for you so that you can be free from feeling numb, do you have Headache?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Seizures?
Patient : Yes I am having Seizures.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Leg pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Leg weakness?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22709
Patient : Hi Doctor, I have been experiencing Skin swelling problem for the past one week. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : Ok. Skin swelling conditions can occur because of many reasons. To find its root cause, please answer my queries. Have you got Skin rash?
Patient : I do not know whether it is that or not. Please check Skin rash. 
Doctor : Yes, these are rashes. I suggest you live in a clean environment. Avoid contacting with dust and dirt. Tell me, are you having Itching of skin?

Patient : Right, I do feel intense irritation in my skin.
Doctor : Do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness? 
Patient : Not sure. Please have a look at it, Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness.
Doctor : 
I see; you should try using moisturizers. It will heal soon. Have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Your symptoms analysis suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1557
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Spots or clouds in vision. I feel I am looking at world with a foggy view, please help.
Doctor : I am concerned about your health. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16630
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Anxiety and nervousness. I feel so stressed before project deadline, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I see your concern you want to excel in project but anxiety is making you worry too much about it.. Do you have Abusing alcohol?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Vomiting?
Patient : True sometimes I have Vomiting.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Fainting?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9722
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Depression. I feel I can't do anything challenging, why is this happening?
Doctor : I feel I need to act immediately so that you don't have to go through such sadness. . Do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15813
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Ringing in ear. I continuosly hear buzzing sound, help me.
Doctor : I am concerned that you hear properly, I'll do my best. Do you have Diminished hearing?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Plugged feeling in ear?
Patient : Indeed
Doctor : I see, are you having Fluid in ear?
Patient : Yes I am having Fluid in ear.
Doctor : I see, are you having Difficulty speaking?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3927
Patient : I think I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : I see, are you having Eye redness?
Patient : I don't know please check Eye redness
Doctor : Alright, do you have Swollen eye?
Patient : I am not confirmed, have a look Swollen eye
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I see, are you having Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Thank you for having patience, do you have Painful sinuses?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Painful sinuses.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19770
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Neck pain. It feels a heavy load is attached to my neck, please help.
Doctor : I feel your pain I think I need to work to make you free from pain in the neck. Let me check, do you have Low back pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Low back pain.
Doctor : I can feel your pain, are you having Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Joint pain?
Patient : Yes I am having Joint pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18447
Patient : Doctor, I have been suffering from Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness on my neck and chest area.
Doctor : OK. Let me investigate further symptoms to get an idea about your situation. So, have you got Abnormal appearing skin?

Patient : That is true. I have got Abnormal appearing skin on my chest and back area.
Doctor : Till now, your symptoms are indicating sign of sun sensitivity. To rule out other causes, let me know have you got Skin rash?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Do you have Skin moles issue?
Patient : I do have Skin moles on my hands.
Doctor : Let me check, have you seen any sign of Skin growth on your body?
Patient : Please see Skin growth. 

Doctor : I see. Based on your symptoms analysis, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13273
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Headache. I feel I can't even pass 1 second, what's wrong with me.
Doctor : I am here, I can't let you withstand intense pain in head Ok, let me see. Do you have Disturbance of memory?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I can totally understand your pain, do you have Back pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29719
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Fever. I can't take care of my family because of it, why is this happening?
Doctor : I see I am concerned about your well being, its important to help family members, fever is an obstacle in its path. Ok, let me see. Do you have Leg weakness?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I see, are you having Ache all over?
Patient : True sometimes I have Ache all over.
Doctor : It is important that we get it fixed, do you have Dizziness?
Patient : I do have Dizziness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10970
Patient : I think I have Disturbance of memory. I can't remember events properly, why is this happening?
Doctor : I can feel your pain, you want to cherish your beautiful memories. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7423
Patient : I think I have Difficulty speaking. I don't have confidence to speak in public, help me.
Doctor : I see your point of view, it is important for you to speak in public to give presentation, and having problem in speaking is an obstacle to overcome. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3727
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Focal weakness. It is making me feel uneasy, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I realize it is necessary for you to become healthy again. Let me check, do you have Seizures?
Patient : True sometimes I have Seizures.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Depression?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Depression.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Sweating?
Patient : I do have Sweating.
Doctor : I see, are you having Allergic reaction?
Patient : I do have Allergic reaction.
Doctor : I see, are you having Weakness?
Patient : True sometimes I have Weakness.
Doctor : I see, are you having Sore throat?
Patient : Yes I am having Sore throat.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I think I know what is your problem. Do you have Fainting?
Patient : sometimes
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2101
Patient : I think I have Sharp abdominal pain. It feels my abdomen is about to blast, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I hear your story, I feel that I need to work so that you are free from abdomen pain. That must be frustrating, do you have Pain in testicles?
Patient : True sometimes I have Pain in testicles.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : Alright, do you have Blood in urine?
Patient : I do have Blood in urine.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 302
Patient : I think I have Loss of sensation. I can't feel touch in my hand, why is this happening?
Doctor : I realize your condition, not feeling touch will lead to confusion if you are holding something important. Let me check, do you have Headache?
Patient : I do have Headache.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Focal weakness?
Patient : Yes I am having Focal weakness.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : I do have Diminished vision.
Doctor : I see, are you having Vomiting?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : It's good that you have kept patience for so long, are you having Muscle stiffness or tightness?
Patient : I do have Muscle stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2796
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Acne or pimples. I am losing my beauty, please help.
Doctor : I see your point of view that having good face is important, but acne is not making your face look good. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27593
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Pain in eye. It feels I can't withstand it anymore, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I think I can't see you get troubled by suffering in your eyes, let's find a reason for it. Let me check, do you have Itchiness of eye? 
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I can understand how must irritatijng it must be. Do you have Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29766
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. I have some problem in my skin Skin rash
Doctor : I see, are you having Itching of skin?
Patient : I do have Itching of skin.
Doctor : I see, are you having Acne or pimples?
Patient : True.
Doctor : That must be irritating, do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8644
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Anxiety and nervousness. I feel so nervous talking to people, please help.
Doctor : I see its important for you talk to people to make connection, that is why I need to help you overcome anxiety. Don't worry. Do you have Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : I do have Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26297
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Painful urination. It hurts me intensely.
Doctor : It hurts me to see you suffer, I want to help you to become free from problems of urination. I see, are you having Penile discharge?
Patient : True sometimes I have Penile discharge.
Doctor : I see, are you having Vaginal discharge?
Patient : True sometimes I have Vaginal discharge.
Doctor : Sorry to hear that, do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Vaginal pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10041
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Painful urination. I feel pain even by having thoughts about it, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : Sorry to hear that, do you have Side pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Pelvic pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8028
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Knee pain. It feels by knee is about to be teared apart, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I understand that having pain in your knees can cause one to bear unsurmountable pain. Ok, let me see. Do you have Foot or toe pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Foot or toe swelling?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Foot or toe swelling.
Doctor : I can see how much difficult is it for you, do you have Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28491
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Spots or clouds in vision.
Doctor : Ican see how frustrating it is for you, do you have Eye redness?
Patient : I don't know, see Eye redness
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26172
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Rib pain. It feels so heavy, please help. 
Doctor : I feel for you and I want to help you to overcome pain in your ribs. Let me check, do you have Back pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I can understand your pain , do you have Hip pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Hip pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 81
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Swelling of scrotum. 
Doctor : I understand how important it for you to get well soon. Ok, let me see. Do you have Pain in testicles?
Patient : True sometimes I have Pain in testicles.
Doctor : That must be very upsetting for you. Do you have Groin pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26872
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Neck pain. It feels like stabbing sensation, help me.
Doctor : I comprehend that its hard for you to endure it. Let me check, do you have Back pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Back pain.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Shoulder pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I can see how difficult this whole thing is for you. Do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24468
Patient : I think I have Fever. I have an urgent meeting to attend, please help.
Doctor : I understand your conern that attending meeting is important for your career growth but because of Fever you are not feeling well. I see, are you having Shortness of breath?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Don't worry. You will be fine. do you have Congestion in chest?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Weakness?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Weakness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 336
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Knee pain. I even has problem going to washroom, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I feel your problems, it can be problem if one is not able to use one's knee to go washroom. Alright, do you have Back pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Back pain.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Ache all over?
Patient : I do have Ache all over.
Doctor : I can undertstand your pain, do you have Headache?
Patient : Yes I am having Headache.
Doctor : I see, are you having Lower body pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2900
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Acne or pimples.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : We will diagnose it and you will be fine, do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : You are right. I am dealing with Abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1302
Patient : Doctor I have some problem in my eye, check it out Eye redness
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : That sounds maddening, are you having Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22981
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Cough. It feels my whole throat is filled with it.
Doctor : I see you and feel that I need to work so that cough doesn't give you trouble anymore. That must be tiresome for you. Do you have Decreased appetite?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Decreased appetite.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8095
Patient : I think I have Anxiety and nervousness. My job interview is coming I am feeling very distressed, help me.
Doctor : I realize how important having secured job is for you, let's find a reason for this anxiety. Let me check, do you have Depression?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Decreased appetite?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I am glad that you chose to discuss this whole thing, are you having Abusing alcohol?
Patient : I do have Abusing alcohol.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19393
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Leg pain. I can't play football with my friends, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I feel for you, its hard to play football when you can't use your leg because of pain.. Do you have Knee pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Knee pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29562
Patient : Hi, please check my eye Swollen eye.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Your eyes are slightly swelled up. I suggest you to apply warm compress on it. Now, let me know do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Skin rash.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Cough?
Patient : True sometimes I have Cough.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Lip swelling?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Tis whole thing must be very troublesome for you, are you having Fluid retention?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16217
Patient : I think I have Palpitations. I feel uneasy because of it.
Doctor : Don't worry, you will be fine. do you have Weight gain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8963
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Headache. I can't tolerate it, please help.
Doctor : It sounds I need to alleviate your pain, so that you can start feeling relaxed. Ok, let me see. Do you have Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes I am having Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Seizures?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : You must be feeling so tiresome then. Do you have Restlessness?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27039
Patient : Good morning, doctor. I have got Abnormal appearing skin on my neck. Please, let me know what is wrong with me.
Doctor : OK. It can occur because of many reasons. Please answer a few questions first so that I can identify its actual cause. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I am not sure of it. Please check Skin rash.
Doctor : Your neck skin is all red. It looks severe. I hope you are not feeling an itching sensation. And have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : I have got Skin lesion.
Doctor : You might have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 28591
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Excessive urination at night. I can't even have good night sleep, please help.
Doctor : II care about you being free from this problem of urination at night. I feel that you are feeling restless at night. That will irritaten anyone, do you have Impotence?
Patient : I do have Impotence.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Blood in urine?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14929
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Shortness of breath. I can't even run for 100 meters, why is this happening?
Doctor : I comprehend your condition, running is important for you but feeling out of breath one gets tired too quickly. Alright, do you have Peripheral edema?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Fluid retention?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Leg swelling?
Patient : True sometimes I have Leg swelling.
Doctor : This whole thing must be very irritationg to you. Do you have Hand or finger swelling?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25808
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Anxiety and nervousness. It raises my stress level whenever I think about passing my college exams, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I care about your health, I think too much stress can cloud one's critical thinking which is important to pass exams. I see, are you having Depression?
Patient : Yes I am having Depression.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : I do have Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : I am glad that you chose to discuss about this issue, do you have Excessive anger?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Excessive anger.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16410
Patient : I think I have Rib pain. I feel like the pain which I endure is out of this world, why is this happening?
Doctor : Well I would feel the same as what you are feeling if I had such severe pain in my ribs. Alright, do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Back pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Back pain.
Doctor : I see, are you having Side pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Side pain.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Shoulder pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Iknow this issues are giving you trouble, do you have Arm pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25800
Patient : Sir, I have got Groin mass. What could be its cause?
Doctor : Alright, let me dig into deeper to finds its actual cause. So, have you got Neck swelling?
Patient : I don't know. Please check Neck swelling.
Doctor : Let me check. It looks severe. Have you tried a warm compress? It will help reduce the bulge. Do you have Skin swelling?
Patient : I do have Skin swelling problem.
Doctor : Have you got Skin rash?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Do you have Skin lesion?
Patient : You are totally right.
Doctor : According to your symptoms, you seems to be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 10055
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Back pain. It is like burning sensation, I can't hold it, please help.
Doctor : Well I understand your situation, having the back pain can hurt one intensely. Alright, do you have Low back pain?
Patient : I do have Low back pain.
Doctor : I see, are you having Leg pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Shoulder pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Shoulder pain.
Doctor : Don't worry. You will be free from this pain very soon. do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3056
Patient : I think I have Neck pain. I can't read my favourite novels, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I care about your problem, I feel that having neck pain can stop one to enjoy reading one's favourite books. You will be fine. do you have Back pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Back pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17638
Patient : I think I have Fatigue. It is causing me unable to go to office, help me.
Doctor : I just feel that I need to work to help you become energetic and fresh again. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 18907
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please let me know why I am getting Skin lesion on my arms.
Doctor : It can be because of many reasons. It seems like you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 6399
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Itchiness of eye. It seems if it continues I may damage my eye with my own hands, help me.
Doctor : It make sense that you would need help, I am here to help you. If it is not stopped itching sensation can cause one to cause problems to eye. I see, are you having Pain in eye?
Patient : True sometimes I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Abnormal movement of eyelid.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : True sometimes I have Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : Problem in eyesight must have been irritating for you, are you having White discharge from eye?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3373
Patient : I have got a problem with my skin. Please check it out, Skin rash.
Doctor : 
It looks like mite bites. I suggest you maintain cleaning in your environment. Avoid spending too much time in grassy regions. Tell me, have you felt Itching of skin?

Patient : True sometimes I have Itching of skin.
Doctor : I see, are you having Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Swelling of scrotum.
Doctor : I am sorry to hear that. Do you have Skin lesion?
Patient : You are totally right, doctor.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have been suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 11851
Patient : Hi! For the past one week, I have been suffering from Wrist pain.
Doctor : Oh! Then, you definitely have been through the trouble in performing regular works. Have you tried warm compress on wrist? And are you having Hand or finger pain?
Patient : True, I have been suffering from Hand or finger pain.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist swelling?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms analysis suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18321
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Arm pain.
Doctor : OK. Let me investigate further symptoms to know its actual cause. So, are you having Wrist pain?
Patient : I do have Wrist pain. I am even having problems in grasping objects and making a fist. Please help me, doctor. I have got a shooting competition ahead of this month.
Doctor : I can understand you might be afraid of missing the competition. I know how it feels to be not eligible for the competition we are preparing for. Once, I was removed from a swimming competition because of a minor injury in leg. And are you dealing with Wrist swelling?
Patient : That is right, I have got swelling in wrist. 
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19858
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Skin rash. It is causing irritation in my  arm, please help.
Doctor : I get you, it can be hard to stop irritation. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25497
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Sharp chest pain. It makes me feel like my chest is about to be crushed, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I comprehend it is huge burden to feel such crushing pain, let's try to find its reason. You've done right thing by choosing to have this discussion. Do you have Drug abuse?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17891
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Pain or soreness of breast. I can't endure it any longer, why is this happening?
Doctor : I care about you being free from this pain. I know it is causing you trouble, are you having Lump or mass of breast?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29971
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Pain in eye. I want to scratch it more and more, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I wish you didn't had to go through the temptation to scratch continously. Alright, do you have Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Facial pain?
Patient : I do have Facial pain.
Doctor : I see, are you having Ankle pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see, are you having Wrist pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see, are you having Excessive anger?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Excessive anger.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I see, are you having Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I see, are you having Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : fromn this whole thing I can figure out that you are facing difficulty in handling this issu, are you having Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Excessive urination at night.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17246
Patient : I think I have Shoulder pain. It hurts whenever I try to move my arm, help me.
Doctor : I can see how pain in shoulder just get worse when one try to use it. Alright, do you have Back pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I see, are you having Neck pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : YOu will be alright, do you have Headache?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5229
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Excessive anger. It increase my stress level, please help.
Doctor : I wish you didn't had to go through the problem of feeling too much anger.  Din't worry. It will pass. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Pain in eye.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21365
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Dizziness. I feel woozy in midst of my studies, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I can totally see your point of view that feeling shaky in middle of studies, one can't grasp the concept. Let me check, do you have Frequent urination?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Frequent urination.
Doctor : I can understand how much worried you are, do you have Nailbiting?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20504
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Involuntary urination. Urge to do it comes at any time, why is this happening?
Doctor : Well I agree that having urge to do urination at any moment can create problem when you are in middle of something important. Alright you will be fine soon, do you have Wrist weakness?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Wrist weakness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23704
Patient : I think I have Low back pain. I can't sit properly to eat my food, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I can feel the pain of not being able to sit to enjoy the food. Ok, let me see. Do you have Back pain?
Patient : Indeed Back pain.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Neck pain?
Patient : Indeed Neck pain.
Doctor : I see you are going through much pain but it will be over soon, do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14695
Patient : I think I have Emotional symptoms. I feel too much anxious because of it, please help.
Doctor : I understand your condition, being too much anxious can increase stress level. Let me check, do you have Cough?
Patient : Indeed Cough.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : That must be making you very tired. Do you have Dizziness?
Patient : Indeed Dizziness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15448
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Sharp chest pain. Its pain last for several minutes, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I understand your condition, such severe pain can make one uncomfortable. Let me check, do you have Drug abuse?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Drug abuse.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Abusing alcohol?
Patient : Indeed Abusing alcohol.
Doctor : I am sorry you have to go through it, do you have Depression?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12571
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Hand or finger pain. I can't hold properly my pen, why is this happening?
Doctor : I care deeply for your health. With finger pain its hard to write something. Ok, let me see. Do you have Foot or toe pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : That must be very tiring. Do you have Knee pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Knee pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4520
Patient : I think I have Diminished vision. I can't see blackboard properly in class, why is this happening?
Doctor : I care about you. Having a problem in seeing blackboard can affect one's studies. Ok, let me see. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes I am having Pain in eye.
Doctor : You must be very irritated, do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26738
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Hand or finger pain. I can't use them for texting my friends, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I hear what you are saying, if one enjoys sending text message to friends having pain in fingers can sure stop one from doing that. Tell me, do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : Indeed Wrist pain.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Wrist swelling?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I am feeling sorry that this pain is making you tiresome, do you have Lower body pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16242
Patient : Doctor, I am Suffering from Lacrimation.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Pain in eye.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes I am having Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : I cann understand, do you have Eye redness?
Patient : I am not confirmed, please check Eye redness
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Swollen eye?
Patient : Please have a look, Swollen eye
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17587
Patient : I think I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Let's see what we can do, are you having Eye redness?
Patient : Don't know please check Eye redness
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Swollen eye?
Patient : I am not confident have a look Swollen eye
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes I am having Itchiness of eye.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9844
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Pain or soreness of breast.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Facial pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Facial pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Ankle pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Ankle pain.
Doctor : I see, are you having Wrist pain?
Patient : Yes I am having Wrist pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Pain during pregnancy.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Excessive anger?
Patient : Indeed Excessive anger.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Indeed Joint stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Do you have Knee lump or mass?
Patient : You are totally, right.
Doctor : I see, are you having Fatigue?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : From this whole conversation I can figure out how much trouble you are facing, do you have Excessive urination at night?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Per your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5985
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Hot flashes. I am feeling a sudden feeling of warmth around my face, help me.
Doctor : I understand your concern, it can surpise a person when one suddenly start weeling warm around face. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10794
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Loss of sensation. I am losing my ability to feel sense of touch when I hold glass of water, please help.
Doctor : I realize what you are going through, without ability to feel touch, its hard to determine whether one is holding a glass or not. Don't worry you will be fine, do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3005
Patient : I think I have Foot or toe pain. I can't walk properly, why is this happening.
Doctor : I realize your story, it can cause problems if one is unable to walk. Let me check, do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I see, are you having Leg pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Leg pain.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Back pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Don't worry we will diagnose it and you will be fine soon. Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes I am having Problems with movement.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16050
Patient : I think I have Problems with movement.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Knee pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Knee pain.
Doctor : I can understand your pain. Do you have Knee swelling?
Patient : I am not confident, see Knee swelling
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 247
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Pain in eye. This has made my life difficult as I can't open my eyes for a long time.
Doctor : I can imagine you might be feeling like a blind. It makes me really sad to hear this happened. Are you suffering from Symptoms of eye?
Patient : True sometimes I have Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : You are right. I am suffering from blurry vision.
Doctor : Eyesight problem must be irritating. You will be fine. Do you have Mass on eyelid?
Patient : Yes, doctor. I have got Mass on eyelid. 
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17602
Patient :  I have Wrist pain. I can't use it for writing, can you tell its reason.
Doctor : I agree with you, writing for taking notes is important but it can become difficult if one has pain in wrist. Alright, do you have Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I can understand. Do you have Fatigue?
Patient : Yes I am having Fatigue.
Doctor : I see, are you having Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16731
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Acne or pimples.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Don't know, have a look Skin rash
Doctor : Let's diagnose it make you better. Do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17590
Patient : I have a problem in my body have a look Skin growth. Is it a sign of a serious disease? 
Doctor : Hello. Usually, it does not indicate any serious concern; please let me look into this in more detail. Do you have Acne or pimples?
Patient : Right I am having Acne or pimples.
Doctor : I am getting you. Do you have Skin rash issue?
Patient : I am not sure have a look, Skin rash.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Skin moles?
Patient : True I have that.
Doctor : The observed symptoms signify that you are most likely to have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2581
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Foreign body sensation in eye.
Doctor : I see, are you having Diminished vision?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : True sometimes I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Eye redness?
Patient : Don't know check it out Eye redness
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15099
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Shoulder pain. I am unable to lift bucket filled with water due to it, please help.
Doctor : I understand your troubles, pain in one's shoulder can be obstruction from fetching water from well with the help of bucket. Alright, do you have Shoulder stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Shoulder stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9440
Patient : I think I have Ankle pain.
Doctor : OK, are you having Skin rash?
Patient : Please have a look at it, Skin rash. 
Doctor : I understand your concern. It may be because of hormonal balance. So, for a teenager, it's normal. Tell me, are you also dealing with Skin lesion?
Patient : Right doctor. I have got a Skin lesion that itches a lot on my hand.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : Indeed
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Unfortunateously, yes.
Doctor : I see, are you having Skin on leg or foot looks infected?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3152
Patient : Good morning, doctor! I think I have Irregular appearing scalp. Do you have any remedies for me. I really don't know what to do now.

Doctor : Sure, I am here to help. But for better understanding, let me know have you seen Abnormal appearing skin on your body?
Patient : You are totally right.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Skin lesion?
Patient : That is right. I have got a Skin lesion. It is painful and rapidly growing, which is causing me great concern.
Doctor : Oh! that sounds scary. It may be because of limited blood flow to the skin. So, don't take tension. Tell me, do you have Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : Don't know, see it Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness. 
Doctor : I see. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21564
Patient : I think I have Neck pain. It feels like someone is pinching my neck with needle, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I realize your condition that neck pain can hurt when one tries to move it. Let me check, do you have Back pain?
Patient : Indeed Back pain.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Low back pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes I am having Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18467
Patient : I think I have Excessive anger. It is causing me to raise my heart beat, what's wrong with me.
Doctor : I hear what you are saying. Too much of anger can raise heart beat and stress level in body. Alright, do you have Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22134
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I feel I sleep too much because of it, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I comprehend your condition, sleeping too much can be because one is sad. Alright, do you have Back pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Back pain.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Side pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Dizziness?
Patient : Indeed Dizziness.
Doctor : I see, are you having Diminished hearing?
Patient : True sometimes I have Diminished hearing.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7610
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am suffering from Disturbance of memory. The trouble started about three months ago. Every now and then I am unable to make out the date and time. Sometimes I couldn't recall what I am doing or what I went out for. Please help me.
Doctor : I understand that must have annoyed you. Let me ask further questions to get to its root. Tell me, are you having Depression?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : True sometimes I have Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Paresthesia?
Patient : You are totally right.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Lip swelling?
Patient : I am not sure check it out Lip Swelling.
Doctor : I see. Based on your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22649
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Itchiness of eye. And because of it, I cannot sleep properly.
Doctor : Yes, itchiness can cause you trouble when you try to sleep. Do you have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Eye redness?
Patient : Right, I do have Eye redness.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : Not sure. Please examine it, Swollen eye.
Doctor : Your eye looks swelled up. Tell me, have you felt Painful sinuses?
Patient : You are right. I am having problem in breathing because of it.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28417
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Neck pain. I am not able to do anything because of it.
Doctor : Yes, neck pain can be really painful and it affects day-to-day activities. Have you got Ache all over?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Ache all over.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : So true, doctor. I am enduring pain in left leg.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Headache? 
Patient : That is true, doctor.
Doctor : Alright, Do you feel Arm pain?
Patient : True, I have Arm pain.
Doctor : Do you Fatigue more often?
Patient : Literally, I get Fatigue quickly.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23837
Patient : Hi doctor, I have Swelling of scrotum. I am unable to sit and walk properly. Please help me.
Doctor : I can really imagine how difficult it is for you. I will try to find out the reason of it. Do you have Pain in testicles? 
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Side pain?
Patient : True, I am having Side pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Blood in urine?
Patient : Yes, I have got Blood in urine.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15712
Patient : Hi! doctor, I have got irregular appearing skin all over. What is wrong with me? Is there a serious issue?
Doctor : Irregular skin may appear because of many reasons. Let me ask you a few questions first so that I can identify its root cause. Please tell me, have you got Skin moles? 
Patient : I do have Skin moles. It irritates me a lot sometimes. It always feels itchy.
Doctor : Well, moles do feel like that. I have has it once. Let me know, are you suffering from Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : Exactly, I have got trouble with it.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Skin growth?
Patient : True, I am strugging with Skin growth.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1737
Patient : Hello doctor, I am experiencing Seizures. Please, let me know its cause. I am unable to concentrate because of its fear.
Doctor : Experencing seizures are hard to live with. I will diagnose it. Have you got Cramps and spasms?
Patient : True, I have got it.
Doctor : Have you felt Restlessness?
Patient : Yes, I have got Restlessness.
Doctor : Alright, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 20599
Patient : Doctor, I have got Problems with movement. I cannot work properly because of it.
Doctor : Problems with movement are serious issues. No doubt you must be facing difficulty while working. Are you suffering from Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : Have you got Dizziness?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23783
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Disturbance of memory. What could be its cause? I am living a nightmare because of it.
Doctor : I can understand the trouble you are facing because of it. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18068
Patient : Hi doctor, please see my eyes, Eye redness. Please, let me know its cause.
Doctor : I can understand how it must be affecting your studies and work. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : True, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.  
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7225
Patient : Hello doctor, I have felt Wrist pain. I work in IT sector and because of it, I am unable to work comfortably.
Doctor : I can understand how uncomfortable it must be for you because of this pain. Do you have Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Hand or finger pain. 
Doctor : Are you suffering from Shoulder pain?
Patient : True, I am.
Doctor : OK, have you got Wrist swelling?
Patient : Yes, I do have Wrist swelling. It causes extreme discomfort sometimes in moving my wrists.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22114
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Elbow weakness. I like to play vollyball, but becaue of it, I am unable to do so.
Doctor : We all hate when we are not allowed to play. I will try to diagnose it. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I am not sure, please check, Skin rash.
Doctor : Have you got Itching of skin?
Patient : I do have the issue of Itching of skin. It's tough to endure this sensation sometimes.
Doctor : I understand itching sensation is tough to endure but avoid scratching the skin. Scratching can spread the infection and lead to bigger complications otherwise. Tell me, are you also suffering from Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15850
Patient : Hi doctor, I have experienced Abnormal involuntary movements. I cannot play my piano because of it. I have a concert in next month and I afraid because of my issue.
Doctor : I can understsand because of this issue, you cannot play your piano perfectly. Have you got Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Are you going through Depression?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Headache?
Patient : Yes, I have got Headache.
Doctor : Alright, based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4223
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Pain or soreness of breast. It is very uncomforable and unbearable. Please help.
Doctor : Breast pain can sometime become unbearable. I will try to diagnose it out. Alright, have you got Lump or mass of breast?
Patient : Yes, I can feel the presence of Lump or mass of breast. It is extremely discomforting.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16871
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Weakness. I feel like I cannot walk even 100 meters. I am worried.
Doctor : I can understand how weakness is affecting your daily life. Do have you got Shortness of breath?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes, I have got Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2353
Patient : Doctor, I have experienced Wrist pain. I am unable to do my daily activities due to this pain. What can I do to get rid of this pain?
Doctor : I'm sorry to hear that you're experiencing wrist pain. I will try to diagnose it. Do you have Sore throat too?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Sore throat too.
Doctor : OK, have you got Fever?
Patient : True, I have Fever.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Knee lump or mass? 
Patient : Right, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12408
Patient : Hello doctor, I have felt Itchiness of eye. What could be its cause? I am afraid that I will loose my eyes.
Doctor : There is nothing wrong with your eye. I will try to diagnose it. Have you felt Pain in eye?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : I am not sure, see Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12532
Patient : Hi doctor, I am going through Foot or toe pain. I am struggling with the pain and was wondering if there was anything to worry about.
Doctor : I'm sorry to hear that you're going through this. I will try to diagnose it. Do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes, I have got Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : Have you got Skin growth?
Patient : Don't know, see Skin growth.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you might have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 19885
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain during pregnancy. Please, let me know its cause. I'm really scared and I don't want anything to happen to me baby.
Doctor : You are not alone. This happens to many pregnant women. I will try to diagnose it. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Are you feeling Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Yes, I have Shoulder cramps or spasms.
Doctor : Have you felt Facial pain?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : True, I have felt Ankle pain.
Doctor : Have you got Wrist pain?
Patient : Right, I am struggling with Wrist pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Excessive anger?
Patient : Indeed, sometimes I have experienced Excessive anger.
Doctor : Have you suffered from Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Have you got Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Knee lump or mass?
Patient : I have got Knee lump or mass issue.
Doctor : I hope you are not facing difficulty in walking because of it. Please let me know if you have got Fatigue issue as well?
Patient : True, I usually got Fatigue quickly.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes, I have got Excessive urination at night.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26661
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Weight gain. I could not control it. Do you think there is something wrong with me.
Doctor : Weight gain is a common problem these days and can be completely curable as well. Alright, have you got Shoulder pain too?
Patient : True, I have Shoulder pain too.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3665
Patient : Hello doctor, I have felt Pain or soreness of breast. What could be its cause? I am extremely worried about this.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. Breast pain and soreness are common in women. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Lump or mass of breast?
Patient : Right, Lump or mass of breast is something that I am dealing with lately.
Doctor : OK, Are you also suffering from Bleeding or discharge from nipple? 
Patient : True, I have got Bleeding or discharge from nipple.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that [MASK].
Dialog id : 19644
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Nausea. I'm feeling really sick and I don't know what's wrong.
Doctor : I can understand what you are going through. It is a common feeling that comes when you experience a nausea. Do you have Headache too?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Sleepiness?
Patient : True, I am suffering from Sleepiness.
Doctor : OK, I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 14562
Patient : Doctor, I have experienced Symptoms of eye. What could be its cause? I'm very worried about my symptoms, and I hope you can help me understand what's going on.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through this. I will try to diagnose it. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24757
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Itching of skin. Please help me.
Doctor : I know Itching of skin can be troublesome. My advice is to please not touch your skin too much with your hands. Let me know have you got Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes, I have got Shortness of breath. It is worrying me.
Doctor : I can understand the what you are going through. Have you got Headache too?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : True, I do have Abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 25336
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Depression. I am going through a tough time and feeling really down.
Doctor : I can understand how hard it is for you to live with it. I will try to diagnose it. Do you feel Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : You are correct, doctor.
Doctor : Have you experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Decreased appetite?
Patient : True, I have got Decreased appetite.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Abusing alcohol?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7163
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Insomnia. Please, let me know its cause. I have been struggling to sleep at night. It is affecting my daily chorus.
Doctor : We all cannot concentrate on our work when we don't sleep well. Alright, have you experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Have you gone through Hostile behavior?
Patient : Yes, I have Hostile behavior.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6532
Patient : Hello doctor, I have Acne or pimples. What could be its cause? I'm really concerned about it when I'm seeing on my face.
Doctor : We all want to look good and we hate acne or pimples on our faces. I will try to diagnose it. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : For sure, I have Skin rash.
Doctor : Have you felt Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes, I have got it. It constantly urges the need to scratch my skin. It is unbearable.
Doctor : I know it is hard to endure this sensation. But please never scratch the area. Else it can increase complications by spreading the infection. Let me know, have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : Please, see Swollen eye.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15920
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Impotence. Please, let me know its cause. I am afraid that I can never have my own baby.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21276
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Hot flashes. I have my trip next weak. I am afraid I will miss it.
Doctor : I am so sorry you are going through this. We all hate when we miss our trips. Have you experienced Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Have you suffered from Intermenstrual bleeding?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Unpredictable menstruation?
Patient : Yes, I have got Unpredictable menstruation.
Doctor : Have you got Mass on vulva too?
Patient : Right, I am dealing with Mass on vulva too.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29441
Patient : Doctor, please see my eye, Swollen eye. Please, let me know its cause.
Doctor : I feel bad. You must have trouble sleeping too. Sure. Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11936
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Sore throat. I have not been able to eat or drink much.
Doctor : It very hard to eat with sore throat. Alright, Have you experienced Seizures?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Depression?
Patient : True, I have Depression.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Correct, doctor.
Doctor : Have you experienced Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : True, I have got Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Fainting?
Patient : True.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7118
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Back pain. What can I do to soothe my pain?
Doctor : Back pain can really affect your day to day activities. Are you also dealing with Low back pain?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Leg pain?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Leg pain too.
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27436
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Anxiety and nervousness. Please, let me know its cause. I just want to know if there is a remedy for these feelings.
Doctor : If you have anxiety issues and you want to get the most out of them, you must try to control it. Have you got Depression too?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Excessive appetite?
Patient : True, I have got Excessive appetite.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20217
Patient : Hi doctor, I have Pain in eye. What could be its cause? I would like to be helped.
Doctor : I can understand it must be bothering you. Alright, have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Diminished vision.
Doctor : Do you see Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Eye burns or stings?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : OK, per your symptoms, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29062
Patient : Doctor, I am going through Dizziness. I feel like falling when I try to stand up.
Doctor : It is normal to feel like this in dizziness. Do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Itching of skin.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK] issue.
Dialog id : 7762
Patient : Hello doctor, please see Skin rash. Let me know its cause. I am extreamly worried about it.
Doctor : Seems like rashes. These are severe. I am sorry that you are going through this. Tell me, have you got Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : True, I have got Abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : OK. Do you have Cough also?
Patient : Indeed.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Irregular appearing scalp?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5638
Patient : Doctor, I have got Swelling of scrotum. I am unable to sit and work for longer.
Doctor : I can understand your situation. have you felt Pain in testicles?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Lower abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Lower abdominal pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Blood in urine?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3305
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Hip pain. I am unable to sit and work for longer.
Doctor : It must be hard for you to work. Do you have Back pain?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Low back pain?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Leg pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Ache all over?
Patient : Literally, I have got Ache all over.
Doctor : Have you felt Paresthesia?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : OK, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15321
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Sharp abdominal pain. I am afraid I will miss my vacation next week.
Doctor : I can understan. No one wants to miss their vacation. Are you also suffering from Pelvic pain?
Patient : True, I have got Pelvic pain.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19774
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Lower abdominal pain. I have a swimming competition ahead. I am afraid i will miss it.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. It will be so hard for you to swim with this pain. Alright, do you have Sharp abdominal pain too?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Painful menstruation?
Patient : True, I have got Painful menstruation.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Heavy menstrual flow?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Infertility?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you experiencing Intermenstrual bleeding?
Patient : Indeed, I am experiencing Intermenstrual bleeding.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4966
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain in eye. I am not able to do my online class.
Doctor : I can understan how it affects your online studies. Are you suffering from Eye redness?
Patient : I don't know, please see Eye redness.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : I am not confirmed, have a look Swollen eye.
Doctor : Have you noticed Diminished vision?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Lacrimation?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you have Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Itchiness of eye.
Doctor : Based on symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9435
Patient : Hi doctor, nowadays, I feel Weakness. Please, let me know its cause. I am afraid I will miss my sports competition this week.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. With weekness, it's hard to do any activity. Alright, Have you observed Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes, I have got Loss of sensation.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24016
Patient : Doctor, I have Leg pain. I am afraid I wont be able to go hiking next Sunday.
Doctor : Having Leg pain before hiking can really affect your plan. Do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : For sure, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Arm pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have got Arm pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Low back pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18206
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Lacrimation. I am not sure why I am crying, but something in the back of my mind tells me that there must be something wrong with me.
Doctor : It must be very hard to live with it. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Diminished vision too?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : Do you see Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : True, I do see them.
Doctor : OK, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29108
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Joint pain. Please, let me know its cause. I am unable to jog properly.
Doctor : I understand it is difficult for anyone with knee pain to jog. Do you have Knee pain too?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Leg pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Are you also facing Problems with movement?
Patient : Literally, I have Problems with movement.
Doctor : Then, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2280
Patient : Doctor, I am going through Infertility. Please, let me know its cause. I am afraid I will never have a child.
Doctor : OK, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21072
Patient : Doctor, I have got Mass on eyelid. Why I have got it? Is something serious?I am concerned about my eyes.
Doctor : Let me investigate to understand its root cause. I suggest you keep your eye area clean and avoid touching your eye with unclean hands. Please answer me, have you got Skin growth?
Patient : Right, I have it.
Doctor : OK, Do you have Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : I am not confident, check it out Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : Have you observed Diminished vision?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Have you experienced Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Yes, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15358
Patient : Hello doctor, I have experienced Foreign body sensation in eye. I cannot focus while studying.
Doctor : I can understand how difficult it is for you when you try to study. OK, have you observed Symptoms of eye?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13955
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Hemoptysis. I have next week and I am really worried about my health.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concenr. I will try to diagnose it. Alright, have you got Cough?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Cough.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4400
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Neck pain. I am unable to sit longer for studies.
Doctor : Neck pain can really affect your lifestyle. No wonder it is troubling you with your studies. Do you have Muscle pain?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Leg pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Low back pain?
Patient : True, I have got Low back pain.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9655
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Loss of sensation. I am unable to sense anything around me.
Doctor : I am sorry you are going through this. I will try to diagnose it. OK, have you got Disturbance of memory?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes, I have experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : Have you got Lip swelling?
Patient : Please look at it Lip swelling.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12690
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I don't feel like normal throughout the day.
Doctor : I am sorry you are going through this. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Depression too?
Patient : Yes, I am feeling with Depression.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : You are correct, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Decreased appetite?
Patient : True, I have Decreased appetite.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Abusing alcohol?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Have you felt Excessive anger?
Patient : True, I have got Excessive anger.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23890
Patient : Doctor, I have got Acne or pimples. I feel embarassed to go out with friends.
Doctor : I get it. No one likes to go out with acne or pimples on their face. Tell me, are you also suffering from Skin rash?
Patient : I am not sure, please look Skin rash. 
Doctor : I see. Based on your symptoms, you are suffering from [MASK] disease.
Dialog id : 16461
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Painful urination. I am struggling to live with it. Please help me.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through it. I will try to diagnose it. Are you also suffering from Penile discharge?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Vaginal discharge too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : Indeed, I am dealing with Paresthesia.
Doctor : Do you feel Itching of skin?
Patient : You are totally right.
Doctor : Feeling itchiness in skin can be of great discomfort. However, I suggest you avoid touching the irritating area with your bare hand. Tell me, are you going through Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy issues?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13010
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Fainting. I feel like I am about to fall at any time. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Seizures too?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Allergic reaction?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Weakness?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Weakness.
Doctor : OK, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19459
Patient : Doctor, nowadays, I feel like Vomiting. I am very concerned about my health. I have my exams next month.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Headache?
Patient : True, I have Headache.
Doctor : Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10731
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Muscle pain. I have a cricket match this Monday. I am afraid that I will miss it.
Doctor : Any kind of sports is hard to play if you have muscle pain. I will try to diagnose your state. Are you also suffering from Leg pain?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that [MASK].
Dialog id : 19011
Patient : Hello doctor, I am feeling Foot or toe pain. I am unable to run or walk fast. Can you please help me.
Doctor : I am here to help you . I am sorry you are going through this. Have you got Knee swelling?
Patient : I don't know, please see Knee swelling.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20072
Patient : Doctor, I have got Diminished vision. I am unable to prepare for my exams.
Doctor : I can understand how critical it is for you to get well soon. Have you felt Itchiness of eye?
Patient : True, I have Itchiness of eye.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28499
Patient : Hi doctor, I have problem in my skin. Please have a look at it, Skin rash Let me know its cause. I am worried about my health condition.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. I will try to diagnose it. It looks like rashes. Please tell, have you got Acne or pimples?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Irregular appearing scalp?
Patient : Correct, I have been experiencing Irregular appearing scalp issues for the past five days. My scalp has some yellowish greasy scales. Please help me. I feel embarrassed to go outside with my hair open.
Doctor :  Per your symptoms, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12581
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I am unable to concentrate on anything. Please help me out.
Doctor : I can understand how critical it is for you to get well soon. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22564
Patient : Doctor, I have got Back pain. I can't sit longer for studies. Can you please help me. I don't want to miss my school.
Doctor : I can understand how difficult it will be for you to sit in school with your back pain.I will try to diagnose it. OK, have you felt Loss of sensation?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : True, I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : Indeed, I am struggling with Paresthesia.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Hand or finger pain?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes, I have Problems with movement.
Doctor : Fine, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 17852
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Weight gain. I feel under-confident due to this. Please save me.
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you to get well soon. You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 25477
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Fainting. I am worried about my health. I feel like I cannot leave my bed.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. It is normal to feel like this when you are suffering from fainting. Alright, are you also dealing with Abusing alcohol?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Certainly, I have Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Depression?
Patient : True, I have Depression.
Doctor : Have you felt Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : OK, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23338
Patient : Doctor, please see Skin growth. Would you please tell me its cause. I have been suffering in my daily life.
Doctor : I can understand how critical it is for you to get well soon. Do you have Mass on eyelid? 
Patient : Yes, I do have Mass on eyelid.
Doctor : That must have been causing you great discomfort in moving your eyes. I suggest you keep your eye area clean and healthy. Have you tried following eye care? Further, let me know if you have got Diminished vision also?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28404
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Nausea. I am suffering on a daily basis. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Headache too?
Patient : True, I have Headache.
Doctor : Alright, based on symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9199
Patient : Hello doctor, I am going through Difficulty speaking. I am unable to communicate. I have an interview next Friday. Please help me.
Doctor : I can imagine how important it is for you to get well soon. Do you have Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes, I have got it. 
Doctor : Fine, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 20965
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Shoulder pain. I have a badminton Game this weekend. I don't want to miss it. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand why you are worried this much. Alright, have you got Ache all over?
Patient : True, I have Ache all over.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Are you feeling Ankle stiffness or tightness?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : OK, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8168
Patient : Hi doctor, I am feeling Ache all over. I am unable to sleep. It is affecting my daily routine. I need your help.
Doctor : It is normal that sleeping less can make you miss your daily routine. Do you have Back pain too?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Leg pain?
Patient : True, I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Arm pain?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Arm pain.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13242
Patient : Doctor, I have got Cramps or spasms. Please, let me know its cause. I am worried about my exams this week. Please help me.
Doctor : It can be hard to sit and give exam when you suffer from cramps or spasms. I will try to diagnose it. Are you also suffering from Foot or toe pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Foot or toe pain.
Doctor : OK, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28937
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Insomnia. I have a trip planned for hiking. I would like to enjoy it without this problem. Please help me.
Doctor : I know a lot of people are suffering from insomnia. I will try my best to help you. Do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Fatigue?
Patient : True, I have got Fatigue.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 1398
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Abusing alcohol. I would like to break free from this addiction. Please help me.
Doctor : I get why you are suffering and I will do my best to help you. Alright, have you got Depression too?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : True, I have got Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11066
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Pain in eye. I have a swimming test. I need your help.
Doctor : No one would want to leave their hobby. I can understand you. Do you have Eye redness too?
Patient : I am not confirmed, have a look Eye redness.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28553
Patient : Hello doctor! I have Abnormal appearing skin for the past five days. Please help me find its cause.
Doctor : Abnormal appearing skin can put you in great concern. Let me ask you a few questions first. Tell me, have you suffered from Shortness of breath? 
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Fatigue?
Patient : Yes, I have got Fatigue.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Congestion in chest?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Have you got Fever?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Fever.
Doctor : Do you feel Weakness too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24770
Patient : Doctor, I have got Joint pain. Please, let me know its cause. I have not been able sit for much longer.
Doctor : I have seen many cases of joint pain. I will try diagnose your pain. Have you got Foot or toe swelling?
Patient : Please see Foot or toe swelling.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 22699
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Nausea. I am feeling unwell all the time. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your problem you are dealing right now. Have you got Sharp chest pain?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Groin pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Groin pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Vaginal pain?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Excessive growth?
Patient : That is true, doctor.
Doctor : Alright, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7528
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Intermenstrual bleeding. I am suffering from this everyday. Please help me.
Doctor : I understand it's been difficult for you. Have you got Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 2451
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Suprapubic pain. I would like to get recover as I have an important exam.
Doctor : I understand your issue. Have you got Painful urination?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Blood in urine?
Patient : Yes, I have Blood in urine.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Absolutely, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24204
Patient : Doctor, I am going through Shoulder stiffness or tightness. It’s been a struggle to get a grip on the pain but nothing is working.
Doctor : I think I know exactly what you are talking about. Have you got Shoulder pain too?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Ache all over?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Stiffness all over?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Alright, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8567
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Paresthesia. Please, let me know its cause. It is making really difficult to focus or see clearly. Please help me.
Doctor : I know what you are going through. Elaborate it for me. Are you also suffering from Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6162
Patient : Doctor, I am Feeling ill. Would you please let me know its cause? I cannot understand it's reason but the pain is growing.
Doctor : I understand your doubts and the pain you are suffering from. Do you have Cough too?
Patient : Yes, I have got Cough too.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2389
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Knee pain. Please, let me know its cause. I won't be able to run in the marathon because of this. Please help.
Doctor : No one would like to cancel an important even of life. Let me help you. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14244
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Allergic reaction. What could be its cause? I do not feel comfortable in public places. I need your help.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through this pain. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Sweating too?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7276
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Infrequent menstruation. I am worried about my exam this week. Please treat me.
Doctor : Please, do not tense yourself. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21375
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Abnormal involuntary movements. Would you please tell me its cause? I feel weird in my stomach all the time and I cant practice my game.
Doctor : I understand what you might be feeling. Do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms too?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13794
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Back pain. I am afraid I won't be able to make the trip to village this week.
Doctor : I understand your concern. To better understand your problem, please tell me that you have Neck pain too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Leg pain?
Patient : You are correct, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Headache?
Patient : True, I have Headache.
Doctor : Have you felt Fatigue?
Patient : Yes, I do feel Fatigue.
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20642
Patient : Doctor, I have got Leg weakness. I am unable to walk fast in morning.
Doctor : It can understand your difficulty. Do you have Difficulty speaking?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Problems with movement?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also feeling Hand or finger weakness?
Patient : Yes, I have Hand or finger weakness.
Doctor : Have you felt Leg cramps or spasms?
Patient : True, I do.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 8872
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Difficulty speaking. I need you to help me, otherwise i won't be able to perform well in my singing competition.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through this pain. I will try to diagnose it. Are you also suffering from Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : OK, you may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 12970
Patient : Hi doctor, I am going through Knee pain.  Please, let me know its cause. I am unable to play for longer. Please help.
Doctor : I understand what you are going through. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8458
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Blood in urine. I am suffering from it on a daily basis. i need you to treat me.
Doctor : I get why you are so much concerned. Let me help you. Have you got Painful urination?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Suprapubic pain?
Patient : Yes, I have gone through Suprapubic pain.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7227
Patient : Hi doc! I have been suffering from Peripheral edema issue. Can you help me identify its cause?
Doctor : I think you might have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 24965
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Shortness of breath. It is affecting me when I am doing any normal task.
Doctor : I know it can trouble you a lot. Have you got Peripheral edema?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from Peripheeral edema. Because of it I am facing problem in hand movements.
Doctor : I understand you might have been feeling heaviness in your arm. Further, let me know if you have felt Sharp abdominal pain recently?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Fluid retention?
Patient : That is correct.
Doctor : Do you have Nausea?
Patient : True, I have got Nausea.
Doctor : Have you got Difficulty breathing?
Patient : Yes, I have got Difficulty breathing.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 989
Patient : Doctor, I have got Side pain. I am really concerned about my health. I have unable to take rest properly.
Doctor : I understand it can be hard. Are you also dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19425
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Loss of sensation. Let me know its cause. I am worried about the state of my body. Please help.
Doctor : Oh I see, it's a serious situation. I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21265
Patient : Hi doctor, I have Leg pain. I have to participate in a marathon on this Thrusday. I am afraid wether I could participate or not.
Doctor : I know it can hurt a lot. Alright, have you got Back pain?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Neck pain too?
Patient : True, I have got Neck pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Shoulder pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16322
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Restlessness. Please, let me know its cause. I cannot concentrate of my job. I am worried about it. Kindly help.
Doctor : It's a problem for working people. Have you got Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 628
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Wrist pain. Let me know its cause. I am a professional violinist and I have an event to perform in. I am afraid I will miss it. Please help.
Doctor : Oh, that's a terrible thing happened. Have you got Arm pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have it.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1455
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shortness of breath. Would you please tell me its cause? I am concerned if I am in any major trouble.
Doctor : I get it. I will try my best to treat you. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21594
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Knee pain. I have my final rugby match scheduled on 15th of this month. Please help me out.
Doctor : I know it can hurt a lot. Alright, have you got Wrist lump or mass?
Patient : Yes, I have got Wrist lump or mass.
Doctor : Do you have Hand or finger lump or mass as well?
Patient : I don't know, please have a look at it Hand or finger lump or mass.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17183
Patient : Doctor, nowadays, I Fatigue quickly. I have to go on a tour next month. I am afraid that I will miss it. I am worried.
Doctor : I understand what you are going through. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29099
Patient : Doctor, I have got Nausea. I have my wedding next month. I want to be get well soon.
Doctor : I am sorry what you are going through. Have you experienced Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Seizures?
Patient : Yes, I have been suffering from Seizures.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Indeed, I have Disturbance of memory.
Doctor : Per symptoms, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 443
Patient : Hello doctor! I have got Knee lump or mass. It hinders the bending movement. Could you please help me cure it?
Doctor : I feel sorry for you. Your daily work might have become difficult becuase of it. Let me know if you have got Pain in eye?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Facial pain?
Patient : You are correct, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Ankle pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Ankle pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Wrist pain too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Exactly, I am dealing with Pain during pregnancy.
Doctor : Have you suffered from Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes, I have got Excessive anger.
Doctor : Are you experiencing Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : For sure.
Doctor : Have you got Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from Pain or soreness of breast.
Doctor : Do you get Fatigue quickly?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Excessive urination at night?
Patient : So true, I am struggling with Excessive urination at night.
Doctor : Alright, based on symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14387
Patient : Doctor, I have experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I am really afraid of what is happening to me. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand what you are going through. Have you got Low self-esteem?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 7252
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have Back pain. And because of it, I am unable to do my daily chores.
Doctor : I can understand what can get affected. Are you also suffering from Low back pain?
Patient : You are correct, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Leg pain too?
Patient : True, I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24514
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Decreased heart rate. Please, let me know its cause. I am afraid that I will die soon. Please save me.
Doctor : I know what you are going through. I will do my best. I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22913
Patient : Doctor, I have problem of Skin lesion. What could be its cause? I am afraid that is it any major disease? Kindly help.
Doctor : I know it can hurt a lot. Your symptom indicates that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26877
Patient : Hi doc! Please have a look at my skin, Skin rash. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : It looks like you have been suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 27857
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Fatigue. Can you please help me? I am afraid that I will die soon.
Doctor : I am sorry for your suffering. Have you got Peripheral edema?
Patient : True, I have got it.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4993
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Skin lesion. I am worried that I will look ugly if it gets worse. Please help.
Doctor : I suggest you to calm down and tell me what you feel like. Do you have Skin rash too?
Patient : I am not confirmed, see Skin rash
Doctor : Have you felt Itching of skin?
Patient : So true, I have got itching sensation. Because of it I have got lot of scratches.
Doctor :  I understand itching sensation is hard to endure. But, I suggest you avoid scratching the skin as this can worsen the skin condition. Tell me, are you also dealing with Fluid retention?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Do you have Allergic reaction?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2161
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Back pain. Please help me because I have a tournament the Sunday.
Doctor : I understand. But i need you to tell me everything. Have you experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : That is correct, doctor.
Doctor : Alright, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 17917
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Elbow cramps or spasms. I have a baseball match this week. I need your help.
Doctor : It's a terrible thing happened to you before your match. Do you have Headache?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Have you got Nausea?
Patient : You are correct, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt like Vomiting?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Fainting?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1185
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Skin growth. Please, let me know its cause. I am worried about my skin condition. Please help.
Doctor : Oh I see it's a problem. I will help you to the best of my ability. I know it can hurt a lot. Have you got Knee pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Leg pain?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Wrist pain?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Have you got Wrist lump or mass?
Patient : Right, I have got Wrist lump or mass on my left wrist.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Hand or finger pain as well?
Patient : Indeed.
Doctor : OK, have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Yes, I have got Knee lump or mass issue.
Doctor : I think you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 14290
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Anxiety and nervousness. I am unable to concentrate on anything because of it.
Doctor : I know it's a problem that needs serious attention. Are you suffering from Depression?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Low self-esteem?
Patient : So true.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes, I am experiencing Excessive anger.
Doctor : Fine, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12491
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Elbow pain. I should be practicing for my cricket match but I can not because of this pain. Please help.
Doctor : I know what you feel right now. But I will help you. Have you seen Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you got the Symptoms of eye?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23391
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am going through Unpredictable menstruation. I am worried about my health. please treat me.
Doctor : I see it's a serious problem for your overall health. Are you suffering from Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Fine, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7262
Patient : Doctor, I have Difficulty in swallowing. I have not been able to eat or drink anything because of the pain.
Doctor : Don't worry. I will do my very best to help you. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I am not confident, have a look Skin rash.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Fever?
Patient : True, I have got Fever.
Doctor : Per symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12418
Patient : Hi doctor, I see Spots and clouds in vision. What could be its cause? I have to be treated before my exam dates are out..
Doctor : I understand your problem. But let me ask this first. Are you suffering from Lacrimation?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes, I have got Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : Do you have Swollen eye too?
Patient : True, see Swollen eye.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8398
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Pelvic pain. I need to be treated before my travel dates.
Doctor : I know how serious problem that is. Let me help you. Have you got Sharp abdominal pain too?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Lower abdominal pain?
Patient : True, I have got Lower abdominal pain.
Doctor : Fine, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15822
Patient : Doctor, please see my eye Eye redness. Please, let me know its cause. I am unable to see the texts clearly. Please help me.
Doctor : I will surely help you. first tell me if have you observed Diminished vision? 
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : OK, are you also suffering from Pain in eye?
Patient : That is true.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 8300
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Penile discharge. I am worried about my health condition.
Doctor : I know it's a serious problem. Let me ask this first. Do you have Sharp abdominal pain too?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Have you got Vaginal pain too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Itching of skin? 
Patient : So true, it is hard to endure Itching of skin for me. Please help.
Doctor : I know itching sensations can cause extreme discomfort sometimes. Please avoid scratching it and keep that area of skin clean. But tell me something more before I can conclude! Are you also suffering from Frequent urination also?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21812
Patient : Doctor, please see Eye redness. What could be its cause? I am concerned about my health.
Doctor : I know what a serious problem that can become. Let me ask this first. Have you got Pain in eye? 
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 28381
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Symptoms of kidney. Please, let me know its cause. I am unable to sleep at night. Please treat me.
Doctor : I wish you didn't have to go through all that. You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 7766
Patient : Doctor, I have Headache. I am unable to sleep because of the pain. I need help.
Doctor : I totally get it. You must be feeling so restless. Alright, have you felt Loss of sensation?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Leg pain.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6007
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Mass on eyelid. I am unable to see anything clearly. Please help.
Doctor : Ok, I understand mass on eye is problematic. Have you followed any eye care routine? If not then, please do. This will prevent bacterial infections and oil gland blocking. To know its cause better, please answer do you have Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : I suppose.Please have a look at it, Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : True, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Symptoms of eye?
Patient : That is correct, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11899
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Retention of urine. I am in a lot of pain. I need your help.
Doctor : I can understand your concerns. Have you got Symptoms of prostate?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes, I have got Excessive urination at night.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3332
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Penile discharge. I am concerned about my health.
Doctor : I can understand your concerns. Have you got Vaginal discharge too?
Patient : Yes, you are right.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Literally, I have Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : OK, have you got Itching of skin?
Patient : Exactly doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Penis pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Fine, per symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23010
Patient : Doctor, I have got Vaginal bleeding after menopause. I am in pain on a daily basis. Please help me.
Doctor : I feel so sorry to hear this. Alright, do you have Heavy menstrual flow?
Patient : Yes, I have got Heavy menstrual flow.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Vaginal discharge?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : OK, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1869
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Skin lesion. Please, let me know its cause. I am unable to eat anything.
Doctor : I totally get it. I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 16236
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Lack of growth. I want to play different games but I cannot because of this.
Doctor : I totally get it. You must feel so helpless. Do you have Diminished hearing?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Have you got Ear pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Ear pain.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 253
Patient : Doctor, I am going through Excessive anger. I am willing to get rid of this as soon as possible.
Doctor : I totally get it. You must feel so helpless. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Sore throat?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Fever too?
Patient : So true.
Doctor : Have you got Ankle pain?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Ankle pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18802
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Shortness of breath. I am failing to perform better in my swimming training.
Doctor : I can understand how it must be affecting your daily life. Are you also dealing with Dizziness?
Patient : You are correct, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Nausea?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Do you have Peripheral edema?
Patient : Right, I am dealing with Peripheral edema.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23260
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Anxiety and nervousness. I need to be treated and get better before my wedding.
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you to get well soon. Have you got Headache?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Fears and phobias?
Patient : True, I have got Fears and phobias.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4508
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Knee pain. What could be its cause? I am unable to run fast.
Doctor : I wish you didn't have to go through all that. Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8951
Patient : Doctor, I have got Allergic reaction. Please, let me know its cause. I am too afraid to go out in the sun. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. I can understand your fear. I will diagnose it. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I guess, please check it, Skin rash.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Itching of skin?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15113
Patient : Hello doctor, recently, I have been experiencing Skin swelling around my cheeks. I find it uncomfortable to go out. I need permanent treatment for it.

Doctor : I totally get it. Let me ask you some questions. Have you got Acne or pimples?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Acne or pimples.
Doctor : Have you felt Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness issue? Please tell.
Patient : I am not aware of this skin condition. But, I do have a skin tightness issue in the lip area. Please check it; Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11427
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Acne or pimples. I need a permanent solution for this. Please help me.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. I need to ask a few questions to diagnose your disease. Are you suffering from Too little hair?
Patient : Literally, I am dealing with Too little hair problem on my head. 
Doctor : Alright, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29554
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Anxiety and nervousness. Would you please let me know its cause? I do not feel confident enough in any work.
Doctor : If you have anxiety issues and you want to get the most out of them, you must try to control it. I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15145
Patient : Good evening doctor, I have got Insomnia. I am unable to rest at all. Please help me.
Doctor : I totally get it. I will diagnose it. .Do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Have you experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : True, I have got  Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16945
Patient : Hi doctor, I have been suffering from Wrist swelling. Please, let me know its cause. I am having trouble lifting hand and typing. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your concerns. Have you tried a warm compress on swelling? Now, please answer a few questions so I can clearly understand its cause. Have you felt Loss of sensation?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Hand or finger pain.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : OK, have you got Arm pain?
Patient : Right, I have Arm pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Hand or finger stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Exactly, I am suffering from Hand or finger stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24840
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from White discharge from eye. Please, let me know its cause. I am having trouble seeing things.
Doctor : I wish you didn't have to go through all that. Do you have Lacrimation?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : True, I have got Abnormal movement of eyelid.
Doctor : OK, have you felt Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Alright, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 23129
Patient : Doctor, I have got Elbow pain.
Doctor : Do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Diminished vision. I am having trouble reading. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand how it is affecting your studies. Are you also suffering from Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Right, I am struggling with the symptoms.
Doctor : Fine, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25666
Patient : Hi doctor, I see Spots or clouds in vision. I need a clear vision for my shooting practice. I need your help.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. It will be so hard for you to aim with this issue. OK, have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : True, I have got Diminished vision.
Doctor : I think you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4758
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Back pain. I am afraid I won't be able to attend a very important meeting because of this pain.
Doctor : Alright, have you got Rib pain too?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Sharp chest pain?
Patient : True, I have got Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Alright, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 26332
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Unpredictable menstruation. Let me know its cause. I am concerned about my health.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. It is common in women. I will diagnose it. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17858
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Pain or soreness of breast. I am having a hard time sleeping. I need treatment.
Doctor : I can understand your concerns. Let me ask you some questions. Have you got Lump or mass of breast?
Patient : You are totally right. I have got Lump or mass of breast.
Doctor : Please, let me know if you are facing a problem in sleeping because of it. I suggest you sleep on a soft mattress if that's the case. Tell me, are you suffering from Bleeding or discharge from nipple?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Based on symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26173
Patient : Hello doctor, I have Headache. I am afraid I will be failing my tests because of this. Please help me.
Doctor : It is alright, you don't have to worry much. I will diagnose it. Alright, are you also suffering from Depression?
Patient : True, I have got Depression.
Doctor : Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17422
Patient : Doctor, I have Irregular appearing scalp. What could be its cause? I am really worried about it. Nowadays, I wear hat because of it. Please help.
Doctor : I am getting your point. Have you tried exfoliating your scalp? This promotes a healthy scalp. To know its root cause, please answer a few questions first. Tell me, are you also dealing with Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Disturbance of memory.
Doctor : Have you got Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you experienced Hostile behavior?
Patient : True, I have observed Hostile behavior.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15488
Patient : Hello doctor, I have Fever. I don't want to miss my best friend's wedding for this.
Doctor : I can see how important it is for you to get well soon. Alright, do you have Sore throat?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Ankle pain?
Patient : True, I have got Ankle pain.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16053
Patient : Doctor, nowadays, I have Excessive anger. I want to get it under controll as soon as possible. I need your help.
Doctor : I understand how frustrating it must be for you to deal with it. I will diagnose it. Have you got Wrist pain?
Patient : Exactly, I have felt Wrist pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : You're right.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 15573
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Vaginal itching. It's becoming a problem in public. I need help.
Doctor : It is quite natural to think so. But no need to worry. Alright, have you got Penis redness too?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25179
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Abusing alcohol. This bad habbit is ruining my life and i want to get rid of it.
Doctor : I can understand how alcohol is affecting your life.OK, are you suffering from Weight gain?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 11281
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Joint stiffness or tightness. I am afraid I will have to miss my sports selection. Please help.
Doctor : I can imagine what you must be going through. Do you have Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Facial pain?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Facial pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Exactly.
Doctor : Alright, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17146
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Shoulder pain. I have a baseball trial coming and I don't want to miss it. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand that. You cannot play your game with this pain. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Ankle stiffness or tightness?
Patient : That is correct, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10090
Patient : Doctor, I have got Back pain. I do not want to make it worse before my exam. Please treat it.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. I need to ask a few questions to diagnose your disease. Have you got Side pain too?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Leg pain too?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16855
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Pelvic pain. I am unable to sit longer. Please help.
Doctor : I can imagine what you must be going through. Alright, do you have Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Heavy menstrual flow?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17373
Patient : Doctor, I have got Excessive appetite. I want to keep it under control. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. Are you also suffering from Depression?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Anxiety and nervousness? 
Patient : Yes, I am struggling with Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Abusing alcohol?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Have you got Insomnia?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from Insomnia.
Doctor : OK, your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23955
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Lump or mass of breast. Let me know what is wrong? I am scared that it might be something serious issue. Please help me.
Doctor : Per your symptom, I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 4224
Patient : Hi doctor, I have Sharp chest pain. I am afraid if this is anything dangerous. I need your help.
Doctor : I am here to help you out. Are you also dealing with Rib pain?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Ache all over?
Patient : That is correct, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have got Arm pain too.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9013
Patient : Doctor, I have Pain in eye. I am unable to attend my online classes.
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you to get well soon. Do you have Eye redness?
Patient : I am not sure, please check it, Eye redness.
Doctor : I see. Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : Probably, please examine it, Swollen eye.
Doctor : Have you felt Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : That is correct.
Doctor : Do you have Lacrimation?
Patient : Well, yes.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23143
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from DIzziness? I am unable to sit straight. Please help me.
Doctor : I understand how difficult it must be for you to deal with it. Are you also dealing with Palpitations?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 11568
Patient : Hi doctor, I have experienced Abnormal involuntary movements. I feel weird and need help.
Doctor : OK, it is quite natural to think so. But no need to panic. Alright, have you got Seizures too?
Patient : Yes, I have go it.
Doctor : Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Then, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27147
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Paresthesia. I believe this is something serious and I don't want to delay in treatment.
Doctor : I am here to help you. OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9917
Patient : Doctor, I have got Dizziness. I do not want to miss my test tomorrow. Please treat me.
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you to get well soon. Alright, do you also feel Weakness?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Vomiting?
Patient : True, I do feel like Vomiting.
Doctor : Have you got Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes, I have suffered from Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Have you got Blood in urine?
Patient : Literally, I have trouble with it.
Doctor : OK, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11140
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Shortness of breath. I am worried for my health.
Doctor : I feel so sorry to hear this. I will help you out. I think you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12945
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Diminished vision. Please, let me know its cause. I am worried about my eyes. Please treat me.
Doctor : It is quite natural to worry. But no need to panic. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2045
Patient : Doctor, I have Pain in eye. I dont want to worsen it anymore. Please treat it.
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you to get well soon. Have you got Swollen eye too?
Patient : Not sure about it. Please check it, Swollen eye.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16949
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Back pain. Because of it, I'm suffering from serious discomfort.
Doctor : I can imagine what you must be going through. I am here to help you. Do you have Low back pain too?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Hip pain too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have got Arm pain too.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29896
Patient : Doctor, I have got Itchy scalp. It gets very annoying. Please help me.
Doctor : Some people experience Itchy scalp as a common condition. I will try to diagnose it. OK, do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Right, I have got Abnormal appearing skin on my neck. Nowadays, I cover my neck with a scarf to hide it. I am highly concerned about it. 
Doctor : I understand your concern. Please let me know, have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : Indeed, I am ill with Skin rash.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : You are totally right, doctor.
Doctor : Skin dryness can sometimes cause skin hardening, which can lead to pain. Use a good moisturizer on dry areas. This will prevent dryness. Let me know. Have you got Skin growth issues as well?
Patient : Right, I have trouble with Skin growth.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Symptoms of the face?
Patient : For sure, I am.
Doctor : Ayou might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28186
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Skin lesion.
Doctor : I see. Have you got Foot or toe pain?
Patient : Yes, doctor. And because of it, I am unable to walk properly.
Doctor : I understand how difficult it must be for you to deal with this pain. Do you feel Loss of sensation?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Poor circulation?
Patient : True, I have got Poor circulation.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14326
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Diminished vision. Let me know its cause. Due to this I am unable to study properly. I have my exams next week and I am afraid that I will miss it.
Doctor : I can see how important it is for you to get well soon. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6466
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Sleepiness. I have not been able to work actively because of it.
Doctor : I can understand that. You for sure have been getting tired while doing simple chores. Do you have Headache too?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Nausea too?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Vomiting?
Patient : Exactly, I feel like Vomiting.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Alright, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26840
Patient : Doctor, I have got red patches on my face. Please see Skin rash. I am really concerned about it. I have to participate into a beauty context next Monday. Please help me.
Doctor : I understand how important it is for you to get rid of it. I suggest you avoid using too much makeup on your face. Let your skin breathe. Please answer, do you have Acne or pimples?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : OK, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 27717
Patient : Hello! I have got Abnormal appearing skin since the time I returned from a beach trip. What could be its cause?
Doctor : OK. I guess it can be because of sun-exposure. I suggest you to protect yourself from UV rays. Apply sunscreen when you go outside. Tell me, do you have Skin lesion too?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : I see. Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1294
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Pain in eye. What could be its cause? I'm in a lot of pain and I was wondering if you could help me.
Doctor : It hurts me to see you like this. Let me just ask you a few questions for better understanding. OK, have you got Wrist pain?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel Fatigue quickly?
Patient : Yes, I do get Fatigue more often.
Doctor : Then, you  might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24784
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Leg pain. I have been struggling to walk properly. It is affecting my daily routine.
Doctor : I can understand that. You must be getting difficulties while doing simple chores. Have you felt Wrist pain too?
Patient : True, I have got Wrist pain too.
Doctor : Alright, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 20393
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision. Please, let me know its cause. Due to this, I cannot study properly. Please help.
Doctor : I understand how troublesome it must be for you to deal with it. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19630
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Neck cramps or spasm. What could be its cause? I cannot play my tennis game because of it. I have my final match in next month and I afraid that I will miss it because of my issue.
Doctor : I can understand your concerns. I think you are suffering from [MASK] 
Dialog id : 178
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have experienced Symptoms of the kidney. I'm feeling really worried and I don't know what's wrong.
Doctor : I can understand how worried you are. Are you also suffering from Peripheral edema?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : According to your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5837
Patient : Hello! I have got Frequent urination. I cannot sit and concentrate for long because of it. Please help me.
Doctor : That must have annoyed you. Have you got Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 6329
Patient : Good evening doctor, I am struggling with Diarrhea. I cannot control it. Do you think there is something wrong with me.
Doctor : It is quite natural to think so. But no need to panic. Are you dealing with Cough too?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : So, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 379
Patient : Doctor, I have trouble with Diminished vision. I have to get rid of this issue before my exam dates are out. I don't want to miss them.
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you to get well soon. Have you got Eye redness too?
Patient : Please check Eye redness.
Doctor : Are you feeling Pain in eye?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you also struggling with Lacrimation?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Fine,  do you have Swollen eye? 
Patient : Please have a look, Swollen eye.
Doctor : OK, are you sickened with Symptoms of eye?
Patient : I think so, doctor.
Doctor : Per symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18685
Patient : Hi! I am suffering from Loss of sensation. What is the problem? I am afraid that it will get worse. I don't want to live with this situation forever. Please help me.
Doctor : I understand how concerned you are about your situation. Alright, do you have trouble with Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Yes, I do have that.
Doctor : Are you sickened with Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Are you ill with Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes, I have got Paresthesia.
Doctor : Have you got Lip swelling? Please show me your lips.
Patient : Please examine it, Lip swelling.
Doctor : I see. You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 27285
Patient : Good morning doctor, I feel Low back pain. I am unable to do my daily activities due to this pain. Please help me out.
Doctor : I can imagine what you must be going through. Fine, have you felt Back pain?
Patient : Correct, I do feel it.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Elbow pain?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Lower body pain?
Patient : True, I have Lower body pain too.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 29731
Patient : I have trouble with Excessive urination at night. What could be its cause? I cannot sleep well  because of it. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand how it is affecting your sleep. Alright, are you feeling Pain in eye?
Patient : Indeed, I have felt so.
Doctor : Do you have Facial pain?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Facial pain.
Doctor : Have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : OK, I hope you are not having difficulty in movements. Tell me, do you feel Fatigue quickly?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Based on symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8118
Patient : Hi doctor, I am struggling with Excessive urination at night. I am really concerned about it. I feel annoyed because of it. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand what you are going through. It is a common feeling that comes when you experience a such issue. Do you feel Facial pain too?
Patient : That is true, doctor.
Doctor : Are you having trouble with Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes, I have a problem associated with Joint stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : OK, that means you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5676
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have problem with Diminished hearing. I have not been able to hear comfortably because of this issue.
Doctor : I'm sorry to hear that you're going through this. I will try to diagnose it. Alright, have you got Plugged feeling in ear?
Patient : Literally, I have Plugged feeling in ear.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 548
Patient : Doctor, I am struggling with Abusing alcohol. I'm feeling really sick  when I try to avoid it . I don't know how to cure it. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand what you are going through. It is a common feeling that comes when you are dealing with alcohol abuse. I can understand the trouble you are facing because of it. Have you felt Sharp chest pain?
Patient : For sure, I have got Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Fainting?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25270
Patient : I have trouble with Excessive urination at night. It is really hard to control it. I feel ashamed of myslef. Please help me.
Doctor : You are not alone. This happens to many men. I will try to diagnose it. Are you suffering from Impotence?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have trouble with Retention of urine too?
Patient : Correct, I have got Retention of urine.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5769
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Loss of sensation. What could be its cause? I am extremely worried. I don't want it to get worse.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. With this issue, it's hard to do any activity. Are you having trouble with Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes, you are right.
Doctor : It seems you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 6487
Patient : Doctor, I have felt Sharp abdominal pain. I feel really uncomfortable and I don't know what's wrong.
Doctor : I can understand the trouble you are facing because of it. Have you got Pain in testicles?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Groin pain too?
Patient : Correct, I have Groin pain too.
Doctor : Are you suffeing from Lower abdominal pain?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Lower abdominal pain.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27501
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Pain in eye. I'm in a lot of pain  due to this and I want to get well soon.
Doctor : I feel bad. You must have trouble sleeping too. Fine, do you have Eye redness too?
Patient : Maybe, please check it, Eye redness.
Doctor : Do you feel Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes, I do feel it.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Lacrimation?
Patient : For sure, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Nasal congestion?
Patient : I have got Nasal congestion.
Doctor : Have you observed Diminished vision?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Cough?
Patient : True, I have Cough.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4958
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Pelvic pain. I am facing trouble in everything I do. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. With pelvic pain, it's hard to do any activity.  are you also dealing with Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : That is right. I am struggling with Vaginal bleeding after menopause.
Doctor : Then, you definitely have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5467
Patient : Doctor, I am struggling with Abnormal involuntary movements. I feel weird all the time. I need help.
Doctor : You are not alone. I will try to diagnose it. Have you got Weakness too?
Patient : Yes, nowadays, I do feel it.
Doctor : Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : You are right. I have Problems with movement.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Leg pain?
Patient : I do have Leg pain.
Doctor : Alright, it is most likely that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22266
Patient : Hello doctor, I get Fatigue quickly. What could be its cause? I would like to recover as soon as possible.
Doctor : I can understand the trouble you are facing. Do you have Difficulty speaking?
Patient : I do have that.
Doctor : Are you experiencing Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : That is true.
Doctor : I think you are ill with [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 13020
Patient : Doctor, I have been struggling with Joint stiffness or tightness. I have a volleyball match that I do not want to loose.
Doctor : We all hate when we are not allowed to play. I will try to diagnose it. Alright, are you suffering from Ankle pain?
Patient : Correct, I have got Ankle pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Pain or soreness of breast.
Patient : Indeed.
Doctor : Fine, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3059
Patient : I am suffering from Vomiting. Please, let me know its cause. I am feeling unwell since yesterday. Please treat me.
Doctor : I am here to help you. You will be fine. Do you feel Weakness too?
Patient : Yes, I do feel Weakness.
Doctor : Have you got Nausea too?
Patient : That is correct.
Doctor : It seems like you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 5614
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Frequent urination. I dont want to get sick more. Please help me.
Doctor : You will be fine again. Have you got Excessive appetite too?
Patient : So true, I have Excessive appetite problem.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9448
Patient : Doctor,  I am suffering from Vaginal discharge. I would like to be treated before this gets worse.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. Are you also suffering from Penile discharge?
Patient : Correct.
Doctor : Have you felt Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Have you got Problems with movement?
Patient : Right, I am dealing with Problems with movement.
Doctor : OK, it seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15460
Patient : Hi doctor, I am sickened with Blood in urine. I am concerned about my situation. Please help me.
Doctor : I will help you. Let me diagnose it. Do you have Painful urination?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Suprapubic pain?
Patient : True, I do feel Suprapubic pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Frequent urination?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Do you have a problem of Retention of urine?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Do you feel Lower abdominal pain?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Lower abdominal pain.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25087
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Low back pain. I am unable to sleep at night at all.
Doctor : I feel bad. You must have trouble sleeping due to it. Fine, do you have Back pain too?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Knee pain?
Patient : True, I have got Knee pain.
Doctor : Do you have Rib pain?
Patient : Right, I am dealing with Rib pain too.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19838
Patient : Hello doctor, I have trouble with Joint pain. I am afraid I will loose my swimming competition.
Doctor : It can be hard to swim awhen you suffer from joint pain. I will try to diagnose it. Are you ill with Arm pain?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Headache?
Patient : Yes, I have Headache.
Doctor : Alright, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 23717
Patient : I am sickened with Diarrhea. I am feeling sick all the time.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through it. Have you got Headache?
Patient : Yes, I have got Headache.
Doctor : Do you have Nausea too?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Vomiting?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Vomiting too.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11476
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Facial pain. I have a meeting ahead that I don't want to miss. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. Have you got Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : So true. I do feel Shoulder cramps or spasms.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist pain too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you felt Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Alright, have you got Excessive anger?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Excessive anger.
Doctor : Do you feel Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Right, I do feel it.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7265
Patient : Hi! doc, I have been feeling uncomfortable because of Itching of skin. Even scratching the skin does not relieve this sensation. Please help me.
Doctor : I understand itching sensation is uncomfortable. However, I suggest you avoid scratching the skin as it can worsen the condition and spread the infection. Let me find its root cause. Please tell me, do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Certainly, I have got Skin rash.
Doctor : Have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : That is true.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Swollen eye?
Patient : Not sure. Please have a look at it, Swollen eye.
Doctor : Have you got Skin moles?
Patient : True, I have Skin moles.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3540
Patient : I am feeling Pain in eye. What could be its cause, doctor? I cannot see anything clearly.
Doctor : I feel bad. You must have trouble sleeping too. Are you also suffering from Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : That is right, I have got Wrist pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Joint stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Per symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1387
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Low back pain. I don't want to make this severe. Please treat it right away.
Doctor : I am here to help you. Fine, are you dealing with Hip pain?
Patient : Exactly, I have trouble with Hip pain.
Doctor : Do you feel Leg pain?
Patient : Correct, I have got Leg pain.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26636
Patient : Hi doctor, I have Lacrimation problem. I need treatment as soon as possible. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. I will disgnose it. Do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I do feel it.
Doctor : Have you got Eye redness?
Patient : I guess so, please have a look, Eye redness.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Bleeding from eye?
Patient : Right, I am struggling with Bleeding from eye.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21620
Patient : Doctor, I am ill with Weakness. I need to gain my strength before my exam.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. With weekness, it's hard to do any activity. Have you got Leg weakness too?
Patient : Yes, you are right.
Doctor : Do you have Difficulty speaking?
Patient : So true, I have got Difficulty speaking.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Leg pain?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : So, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17278
Patient : Hello doctor, I have Absence of menstruation. I am worried. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. Are you suffering from Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : OK, have you got Unpredictable menstruation?
Patient : True, I have got Unpredictable menstruation.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22084
Patient : I have been sickened with Cough. I am unable to sleep well. Please help.
Doctor : No wonder it is troubling you with your sleep. Have you got Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Lacrimation?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Nasal congestion?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12238
Patient : Doctor, I have felt Foreign body sensation in eye. I cannot see properly. I need treatment.
Doctor : No wonder it is troubling you with your vision. Have you felt Pain in eye?
Patient : That is true.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Yes, I have trouble with Abnormal movement of eyelid.
Doctor : Do you get White discharge from eye?
Patient : Correct, doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4453
Patient : Hi! doctor, I have got Mass on eyelid. Please suggest me a solution to get rid of it.
Doctor : Sure. I suggest you follow an eye care routine. This will prevent infections in the eyes. Tell m,e do you also feel Pain in eye?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you observed Eye redness?
Patient : I am not certain, please examine, Eye redness.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24462
Patient : Hello doctor, I get Fatigue quickly. I want a permanent treatment to get rid of this.
Doctor : I'm sorry to hear that you're going through this. I will try to diagnose it. Are you also suffering from Pain in eye?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Yes, I do feel it.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Excessive anger?
Patient : So true, I have trouble with Excessive anger.
Doctor : Do you get Excessive urination at night?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 14082
Patient : Doctor, please see Skin rash. What could be its cause? I feel unwell. I have exam tomorrow.
Doctor : I see. I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 25539
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Hand or finger pain. I have a typing test tomorrow. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you to get well soon. OK, you are suffering from Wrist pain?
Patient : Right, I do have Wrist pain.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you seem to have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29301
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Infertility. I do not want to stay like this. Please help me.
Doctor : It is common in women. I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19691
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Excessive urination at night.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain in eye?
Patient : Right, I do.
Doctor : Have you got Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Have you felt Ankle pain?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Ankle pain. I have a football match this week. Treat me
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you to get well soon.  Are you suffering from Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are  you dealing with Excessive anger?
Patient : Correct.
Doctor : Have you felt trouble with Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes, I do have Joint stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Do you have Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you get Fatigue quickly?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19473
Patient : Doctor, nowadays I get Excessive anger. I need treatment. I quickly get angry at small things. This is affecting my relationship with my family members. Please help.
Doctor : I understand your concern. Sometimes, we are not able to control our anger. If it is affecting your relationship, I suggest you take the help of a mental health professional and get involved in anger management exercises. Let me know whether you have Pain in eye or not.
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Facial pain?
Patient : Correct, I feel Facial pain.
Doctor : Do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Wrist pain?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from Wrist pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you have Knee lump or mass?
Patient : True, I have Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : Have you got Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Exactly, I have trouble with Excessive urination at night.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17316
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Pain or soreness of breast.I am worried about my health.
Doctor : Breast pain can sometime become unbearable. I will try to diagnose it out. Have you got Lump or mass of breast?
Patient : You are totally right.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28312
Patient : Hi! I have got Mass on eyelid. Let me know what could be its cause?
Doctor : It can be because of many reasons. I advise you to follow an eyecare routine to maintain healthy eyes. Let me investigate further symptoms. Please tell me, do you have Skin growth?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Have you felt Pain in eye?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 541
Patient : Doctor, My child is suffering from Diarrhea for the past one week. What is wrong with him?
Doctor : That is a long period. He for sure has got weak. Please, make sure your child remains hydrated. Let me know, is he got Cough too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : I think he is suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 9578
Patient : Hi doctor, I get Fatigue quickly. I need something to stop it. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you to get well soon. Do you have Shortness of breath?
Patient : So true, I am ill with Shortness of breath.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that [MASK].
Dialog id : 14962
Patient : Good evening doctor, I am suffering from Excessive urination at night. I cannot sleep at night. Please treat me now.
Doctor : I'm sorry to hear that you're going through this. I will try to diagnose it. Alright, have you got Penis pain?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19167
Patient : Doctor, I have suffered from Headache. I am unable to think straight. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you to get well soon. Have you experienced Seizures?
Patient : Yes, I have got Seizures.
Doctor : Are you feeling Dizziness?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you had trouble with Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Paresthesia?
Patient : True, I am sickened with Paresthesia.
Doctor : Do you have Joint pain?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25942
Patient : I am dealing with Anxiety and nervousness. I have exam and I don't want to feel this during my exam.
Doctor : I can understand the trouble you are facing because of it. Are you also suffering from Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Do you get Fatigue quickly?
Patient : So true, I get Fatigue easily.
Doctor : Have you got Fever?
Patient : Correct, I have got Fever.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10895
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Ankle pain. I cannot walk at all due to this.
Doctor : Yes, it will be difficult for anyone to walk in such state. Do you have Sore throat?
Patient : Yes, I have trouble with Sore throat.
Doctor : Fine, do you have Fever?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Exactly, I am suffering from Pain during pregnancy.
Doctor : Have you got Excessive anger?
Patient : I have got Excessive anger.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15475
Patient : Hi doctor, I have been suffering from Wrist swelling. It has limited my hand movement. I cannot play tennis because of it. Please help.
Doctor : I understand it is difficult for anyone to play tennis in such a state. Have you tried warm compress on it? It will help reduce swelling. Now, please answer have you got Wrist pain?
Patient : True, I have got Wrist pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Hand or finger pain?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you have Hand or finger swelling?
Patient : Yes, I have got swelling in hands.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Peripheral edema also?
Patient : Right, I am suffering from Peripheral edema.
Doctor : Have you got Lower body pain?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6776
Patient : Doctor, I have felt Vaginal pain. I cannot bear this pain anymore.
Doctor : I feel bad. You are going through this. I will try to help you. Do you have Nausea too?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Nausea.
Doctor : Have you got Sharp chest pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Groin pain?
Patient : Correct, I have trouble with Groin pain.
Doctor : Based on symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3842
Patient : Hi doctor, please see my wrist, Skin growth. I do not know what is it. Is something wrong with me? 
Doctor : I see. It seems to be skin growth. However, please do not worry much. Let me investigate so that I can find its root cause. Please answer, are you suffering from Knee pain?
Patient : That is true.
Doctor : Do you have Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Knee swelling?
Patient : I am not quite sure, please have a look,  Knee swelling.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18625
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Fluid retention. I don't want to miss my flight. Please treat it.
Doctor : I can understand it is important for you to get well soon. Have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Fever?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you sickened with Coryza?
Patient : Indeed, I am suffering from Coryza.
Doctor : Do you get Skin lesion?
Patient : For sure, I have got it. 
Doctor : Are you dealing with Vomiting?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Are you ill with Mouth ulcer?
Patient : I do not know. See Mouth ulcer.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain in eye?
Patient : Correct, I have got Pain in eye.
Doctor : You most probably suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 10430
Patient : Hello doctor, I have trouble with Acne or pimples. I feel embarrassed to go out.
Doctor : You don't have to feel embarrased about it. It is a very common issue. Do you have Skin rash too.
Patient : Absolutely.
Doctor : Have you got Irregular appearing scalp?
Patient : Right, I am dealing with Irregular appearing scalp.
Doctor : Per symptoms analysis, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16117
Patient : Doctor, I am struggling with Acne or pimples. I am unable to attend any party because I am not confident at all.
Doctor : Per your description, it seems like you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 28352
Patient : I have felt Leg pain. I am unable to walk longer as I used to. Please help.
Doctor : Alright, are you also suffering from Knee pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Knee pain.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 206
Patient : I am feeling Ache all over. I feel need to rest a little more. Please help.
Doctor : Having rest is a good thing. However the ache you are feeling could be because of tiredness. I will diagnose it. Do you feel Fatigue?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also Feeling ill?
Patient : That is correct.
Doctor : Have you felt Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : True, I have got Difficulty in swallowing.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7550
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Acne or pimples. I need a solution. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. Have you got Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Certainly, I have it.
Doctor : Do you have Skin moles?
Patient : Right, I have got black spots on my face. It seems like Skin moles.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 3642
Patient : Doctor, I have felt Groin pain. I need your help. Please do something.
Doctor : I hope you never go through this again. But tell me have you got Retention of urine?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10978
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Arm pain. I neet it to be treated as soon as possible.
Doctor : I can understand how much pain you are feeling. Do you feel Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Right, I have Difficulty in swallowing.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3124
Patient : Doctor, I have got Mass on eyelid. It is persistent for two weeks. What could be its cause? It is limiting my vision. Let me know how I can get rid of it.
Doctor : Don't worry. It can happen to anyone. I suggest you take care of your eyes and its nearby area. And avoid touching the eyes with unwashed hands. Now, let me know if you have felt Pain in eye?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Per symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10683
Patient : Doctor, please see my skin, Skin rash. I am unable to resist the itching. I need you to treat it soon.
Doctor : You have got skin rashes. These look severe. I understand you for sure feeling hard to endure the itchiness. Please avoid scratching them as it may cause further spread of infection. Please tell me, have you got Headache?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22294
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain in eye. I have a conference tomorrow. I need help.
Doctor : I can understand what you are going through. Now let me ask few questions about this. Do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : Correct, I have trouble with Diminished vision.
Doctor : Have you got Eye redness too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Does your Eye burns or stings?
Patient : Right, I am struggling with Eye burns or stings.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that I have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20130
Patient : Hi! I am struggling with Itchiness of eye. I feel irritated all the time. Please help.
Doctor : I can only assume how difficult it is for you. Have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I do feel Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Eye redness?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Swollen eye?
Patient : Maybe, please check, Swollen eye.
Doctor : Have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : For sure, I have got it.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 9124
Patient : Doctor, I have got Abnormal appearing skin around my eyes. I feel hesitant to go to school because of it. But, I don't want to miss school as I need to write final exams in next month. Please help me.
Doctor : I understand you are concerned about your looks. I need to ask you a few questions to find its actual cause. So, please answer are you suffering from Shortness of breath?
Patient : Indeed, I have trouble with Shortness of breath.
Doctor : Have you felt Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Do you have Congestion in chest?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Congestion in chest.
Doctor : Are you struggling with Weakness too?
Patient : So true, I have got Weakness.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15778
Patient : I am struggling with Neck pain. I can sit to work longer.
Doctor : Alright, I can say that I understand your situation. Do you have Headache?
Patient : Right, I have got Headache.
Doctor : Have you observed Diminished vision?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Vomiting?
Patient : Yes, I have got Vomiting problem.
Doctor : OK, do you have trouble with Difficulty speaking?
Patient : Absolutely, right.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 1812
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Fever. I need you to treat it before my trip.
Doctor : OK, I know fever is common. Let me ask you few things for diagnosis. Have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Vomiting?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Mouth ulcer?
Patient : I am not sure about it. See Mouth ulcer.
Doctor : Do you have Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Exactly, I have Difficulty in swallowing.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11370
Patient : Hi doctor, I am struggling with Weight gain. I need to loose weight before my marriage.
Doctor : This weight gain problem is very common. Let me ask you few things to get started. Are you suffering from Acne or pimples?
Patient : So true, I have got Acne or pimples.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you may be sick with [MASK].
Dialog id : 18365
Patient : Hello doctor, I see spots or clouds in vision. I cannot see clearly. Please help.
Doctor : Okay, I understand your concern. But tell me if you do have Lacrimation?
Patient : I think so.
Doctor : Have you felt Pain in eye?
Patient : Exactly, I do feel Pain in eye. It is getting worse.
Doctor : I can understand your pain. Are you struggling with Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Yes, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : True, I have got Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Eye redness?
Patient : I am not sure, please have a look, Eye redness.
Doctor : Have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : Right, I have got Diminished vision.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3105
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Dizziness. I have to get better before my trip.
Doctor : This is very much likely to happen if you ignore your health. So first tell me if you have got Headache?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Based on symptoms, [MASK].
Dialog id : 11770
Patient : Doctor, please have a look at my eye, Eyelid lesion or rash. I do not know what is its cause. I am worried about my eye. 
Doctor : Your eyelid has got a rash. Please answer a few queries first so I can help you in the best possible way. Tell me, are you also suffering from Mass on eyelid?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you have Pain in eye as well?
Patient : Yes, I have felt the pain.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : Indeed, I have got it.
Doctor : Your symptoms analysis indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20136
Patient : Hello doctor, I am struggling with Shortness of breath. I donot want to make this severe. Please help.
Doctor : I understand why this is happening. But first tell me if you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got Sharp chest pain. 
Doctor : Are you suffering from Insomnia?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Insomnia.
Doctor : Have you felt Burning abdominal pain?
Patient : So true, I am ill with Burning abdominal pain.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7635
Patient : Good evening doctor, I am struggling with Shortness of breath. I feel like running out of air. Please help me.
Doctor : I think I know why this is happening.  Have you felt Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : True, I have trouble with Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Do you feel Depression?
Patient : Indeed, I do feel Depression.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Palpitations?
Patient : Yes, I am sick with Palpitations.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15424
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Neck pain. I cannot work efficiently due to this.
Doctor : Neck pain is common now a days. Everyone is suffering from it. So don't worry. Do you feel Back pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have got Back pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Loss of sensation?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : OK, you may be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 7977
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got trouble with Drug abuse. I would like to get rid of it as soon as possible.
Doctor : OK, It is a very serious issue but I am glad you wish to get treatment. Are you also dealing with Abusing alcohol?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Depression?
Patient : Right, I am suffering from Depression.
Doctor : Have you experienced Delusions or hallucinations?
Patient : Correct, I am struggling with Delusions or hallucinations.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7458
Patient : Doctor, I have got Neck pain. I have an early tenis match and i would like to recover before that.
Doctor : I am sure you can get it cured. Are you suffering from Focal Weakness?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : True, I am suffering from Diminished vision.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Vomiting?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Vomiting.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2641
Patient : Doctor, I have trouble with Diminished vision. What could be its cause? I need to gey treated before my shooting game.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 451
Patient : I have got Pain in eye. I cannot see anything properly.
Doctor : Oh! I see it is a serious problem but not incurable. Do you have eye redness?
Patient : Maybe, please check, eye redness.
Doctor : Alright, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23300
Patient : Hi, doc! I am suffering from Peripheral edema. My arm feels heavy. Because of it, I feel pain when I lift my hand. Please help me.
Doctor : Oh! Your daily work might have become difficult because of it. I feel sorry for you that you have to go through this. Let me investigate further to find out its actual cause. Tell me, have you got Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Difficulty breathing?
Patient : Exactly, I have suffered from Difficulty breathing.
Doctor : Have you got Vomiting?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Hand or finger swelling?
Patient : Yes, I have got swelling in my fingers.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22078
Patient : Hello doctor, I am sickened with Dizziness. Please, let me know its cause. I donot want to get worse. Please help me.
Doctor : I am sorry for your suffering. But don't worry. You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28096
Patient : Hi! doctor, I have got a Knee lump or mass in my left leg. It hurts when I do bending movements. Please help me!
Doctor : Knee lump or mass can be very discomforting in your daily life, I understand that but don't be too worried about this. Do you also have pain in eye?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Indeed, I do have that.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Facial pain?
Patient : Yes, I have trouble with Facial pain.
Doctor : Do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : Right, I have got Ankle pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Wrist pain?
Patient : Absolutely correct.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Correct, I am suffering from Pain during pregnancy.
Doctor : Have you got trouble with Excessive anger?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes, I have got Joint stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Are you struggling with Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : So true, I am.
Doctor : Do you feel Fatigue?
Patient : True, I get Fatigue quickly.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12141
Patient : Hi doctor, I have Problems with movement. I am supposed to run marathon. i cannot do it this way .Please treat me.
Doctor : I know what you are going through. I will help you. Are you also suffering from Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Indeed, I have trouble with Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : Have you experienced Seizures?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Arm stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Exactly, I am struggling with Arm stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15965
Patient : I have got Elbow cramps or spasms. What could be its cause? I would like to play badminton this week. So please treat it. 
Doctor : This is a serious issue. But don't worry. I will treat you. Have you experienced Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : Correct, I have trouble with Vaginal bleeding after menopause.
Doctor : Your symptoms analysis indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22183
Patient : Doctor, I have got Knee pain. I cannot miss my hike this week.Please help.
Doctor : It is possible for people who do physical work. Don't worry.  Are you experiencing Leg pain?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Leg pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Knee stiffness or tightness?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29069
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Sharp abdominal pain. I need help. Please treate it.
Doctor : Alright, Please explain me your situation better. Do you have Nausea?
Patient : Yes, I have got Nausea too.
Doctor : Have you felt Weakness?
Patient : Right, I am ill with Weakness.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Diarrhea?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you experiencing Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Correct, I have got Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : Do you have Polyuria issue?
Patient : So true, I am sickened with Polyuria.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Frequent urination?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22044
Patient : Hello doctor, I have Back weakness. I am really troubled by it. Please help me.
Doctor : Fine, please do not be so much worried about this. You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23474
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have Groin pain. I need it to be treated at the erliest.
Doctor : I understand your concern. Let me ask some questions. Do you feel Pain in testicles?
Patient : Exactly, I am suffering from Pain in testicles.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Have you felt Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 19105
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Symptoms of eye. I cannot see anything clearly.
Doctor : OK, I need additional information. ease tell me if you are suffering from Lacrimation?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : Have you felt Pain in eye?
Patient : True, I have felt Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you struggling with Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Indeed, I have suffered from Abnormal movement of eyelid.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Eye redness too?
Patient : Maybe, please see, Eye redness.
Doctor : Do you have Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : Yes, I have it.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12211
Patient : I am struggling with Knee pain. I am feeling it everyday. Please help me get rid of it.
Doctor : I think it might be due to excess pressure on your knees. I think it is Have you got Foot or toe pain?
Patient : Yes, you are correct.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Foot or toe swelling?
Patient : I am not sure, please have a look, Foot or toe swelling.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : Right, I am enduring Wrist pain too.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26932
Patient : Doctor, I have got Skin lesion. I feel highly uncomfortable. Please help me.
Doctor : Alright, I think I need to take a look. Does your Skin on leg or foot looks infected?
Patient : Yes, it does look infected.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15636
Patient : Hi! Nowadays, I feel Dizziness. What could be its cause? I have been feeling this since Monday. Please help.
Doctor : I am sorry for your pain. Do you feel Neck pain too?
Patient : True, I do feel it.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Difficulty speaking?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Problems with movement?
Patient : Correct, I do have Problems with movement.
Doctor : Alright, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 24304
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Ache all over. I need a solution to this. Please help me.
Doctor : Alright, I feel sorry for your suffering but have you felt Leg weakness too?
Patient : Right, I have got Leg weakness.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : Yes, I do have Leg pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Dizziness?
Patient : So true, I have felt Dizziness.
Doctor : You seem to be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 17000
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Depression. Please, let me know its cause. I would like to be treated as soon as possible.
Doctor : I need to ask you few questions to move forward with your diagnosis. Tell me, do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes, I have felt it.
Doctor : Do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Exactly, I have trouble with Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Dizziness?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Are you struggling with Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes, I am struggling with Shortness of breath.
Doctor : Do you get Fatigue easily?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Your symptoms analysis indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12132
Patient : I am sickened with Lower body pain. I cannot deal with it anymore. Please help.
Doctor : You don't need to worry about it. Have you got Wrist pain?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Have you felt Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes, I do feel Hand or finger pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Shoulder pain?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Shoulder pain.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain too?
Patient : Correct, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Hand or finger swelling?
Patient : You are totally right.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 6684
Patient : Doctor, I am ill with Paresthesia. Please, let me know its cause. I need your help.
Doctor : I can see this is an issue. But let me ask you if you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19022
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Mass on Eyelid. It is hindering my vision. What can I do to get rid of it, please suggest. 
Doctor : I totally understand your concern. Mass on the eyelid can really create a hindrance in vision. I suggest you should start following an eye care routine. This will help avoid such conditions in future. Tell me more so that I can identify its root cause. Do you have Skin growth?
Patient : That is correct.
Doctor : Have you got Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : Yes, I have got Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain in eye?
Patient : True, I do feel it.
Doctor : Are you struggling with Diminished vision?
Patient : Right, I have trouble with Diminished vision.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Absolutely, I am.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12255
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Itching of skin. I donot want to miss my training. Please help me.
Doctor : I think you can understand that skin rash can happen to anyone. Are you suffering from Skin rash?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Skin rash.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Skin lesion?
Patient : For sure, I have got it.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 24979
Patient : Hi doctor, nowadays, I feel Dizziness. I donot want to cancle my trip to Ladhak. Please help.
Doctor : I can assume only about your pain. But have you experienced Plugged feeling in ear?
Patient : Indeed, I have trouble with Plugged feeling in ear.
Doctor : Have you got Difficulty speaking?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Difficulty speaking.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27445
Patient : I am suffering from Headache. I have exam tomorrow and I cannot focus.
Doctor : Everyone suffers from headache from time to time. Alright, you feel Nausea too?
Patient : Right, I do feel it.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 7048
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Skin rash. I do not want to miss my flight. Please help me.
Doctor : I understand your concern. Do you have Fever?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : Please refrain from touching your skin bare hand. It can increase complications. Are you also suffering from Coryza?
Patient : You are right. I am sick with Coryza.
Doctor : Do you have Skin lesion?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Mouth ulcer?
Patient : Not certain. Please see Mouth ulcer.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20643
Patient : I am struggling with Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I need your help. Please treat me.
Doctor : OK, I can imagine how much pain you are in. Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : Correct, I have got Leg pain.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9806
Patient : Doctor, I have got trouble with Vaginal bleeding after menopause. What could be its cause? I am concernedabout my health state. Please help.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are suffering but i think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 29811
Patient : Hi doctor, I have felt Neck pain. Due to this I am unable to work for long.
Doctor : I can understand your situation. Have you got Loss of sensation?
Patient : Indeed, I am struggling with Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Do you feel Wrist pain?
Patient : You are correct.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Paresthesia.
Doctor : Alright, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26103
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Vaginal itching. I cannot walk properly due to it. Please help.
Doctor : OK, I don't think you should be this worried. Do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : I do feel itching sensation.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 10769
Patient : Hello doctor, I am ill with Vomiting. I am unable to eat properly. Please help.
Doctor : Vomiting is common. Are you also dealing with Abusing alcohol?
Patient : Yes, I have got Abusing alcohol.
Doctor : OK, have you observed Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Indeed, I have been struggling with Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : Do you feel Sharp chest pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Your symptoms signify that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9784
Patient : Doctor, I have got Itching of skin. I am in great discomfort because of it. Please help.
Doctor : Alright, Skin itching can happen because of various reasons. So don't worry too much. Let me know further symptoms. Are you also dealing with Skin rash?
Patient : I am not quite certain, please see, Skin rash.
Doctor : I see. Do you have Swollen eye?
Patient : Yes, you are right.
Doctor : Have you got Skin swelling?
Patient : Right, I have got Skin swelling.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 23702
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am suffering from Itching of skin. It is getting worse and I want to get rid of it.
Doctor : I can understand how problematic this is for you. Have you got Skin rash?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Mouth ulcer?
Patient : Correct, I have got Mouth ulcer.
Doctor : Fine, do you feel Pain in eye?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Exactly, I have Difficulty in swallowing.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22065
Patient : Doctor, I am struggling with Scanty menstrual flow. I am really worried about my health condiotion. Please help.
Doctor : OK, I know what you are going through. But are you also dealing with Infertility?
Patient : True, I have got Infertility.
Doctor : Alright, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16394
Patient : Hello doctor, I am sickened with Pain or soreness of breast. I am worried about it. I am suffering from great pain. Please do something.
Doctor : Alright, This is a serious issue. But don't worry. Have you got Sore throat?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you also having Fever?
Patient : Yes, I do have Fever.
Doctor : Do you feel Ankle pain?
Patient : Correct, I am feeling Ankle pain.
Doctor : OK, have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Right.
Doctor : According to your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 949
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Pain or soreness of breast. I want to get rid of it. I cannot bear the pain. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand your suffering. Have you got Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel Facial pain?
Patient : Right, I have got Facial pain.
Doctor : Do you feel Ankle pain? 
Patient : True, I do feel it.
Doctor : Have you got Excessive anger?
Patient : Indeed, nowadays, I have trouble with Excessive anger.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Exactly, I am struggling with Excessive urination at night.
Doctor : Fine, per your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27291
Patient : Hi doctor, please see Lip swelling. I feel like I am loosing control of myself. Please help.
Doctor : I can see your lips are swelled up. Are you allergic to some food items? If yes, then please avoid taking them. Now, tell me, are you experiencing Disturbance of memory?
Patient : For sure, I have got Disturbance of memory.
Doctor : Have you observed Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Literally, I am struggling with Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : Alright, Are you feeling Depression?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Elbow cramps or spasms?
Patient : Yes, I have got Elbow cramps or spasms.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26762
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Skin rash. I have a swimming competition next week and I am afraid that I will miss it.
Doctor : I can understand the trouble with this. But do you feel Itching of skin?
Patient : Exactly, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes, I have got it. 
Doctor : Do you feel like Vomiting?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Per symptoms, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22795
Patient : Good evening doctor, I have felt Sharp chest pain. I feel like I will die because of the pain. Please help.
Doctor : I can absolutely understand your situation. Are you also suffering from Depression?
Patient : Yes, I have got Depression.
Doctor : Alright, it seems like you have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 562
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Skin lesion. Please, let me know its cause. I am afraid that it will worsen. Please help.
Doctor : I know how troublesome this is for you. Tell me, are you suffering from Skin growth?
Patient : Maybe, please have a look, Skin growth.
Doctor : Okay, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9366
Patient : Hi! I feel Pain in eye. What could be its cause? I want to get rid of it. I have to attend a party this Saturday. Please help.
Doctor : OK, I don't think you should be worried about this but have you felt Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Literally, I am suffering from Itchiness of eye.
Doctor : You  may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20650
Patient : Hello doctor, I think I have Peripheral edema issue. unc.omfortable due to it.
Doctor : OK. Then, you might have been feeling heavy in that area. Let me ask you a few questions to get a better idea of its cause. Tell me, are you suffering from Nausea?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you having Difficulty breathing?
Patient : Yes, I have got Difficulty breathing.
Doctor : Do you feel Weakness?`
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Hand or finger swelling?
Patient : Right, I have Hand or finger swelling.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 14961
Patient : I am dealing with Pain in eye. Please, let me know its cause. I don't want to loose my eyes. Please help.
Doctor : I can totally understand your concern. Have you got Lacrimation too?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you see Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : That is right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Swollen eye?
Patient : Right, I have got Swollen eye.
Doctor : Have you felt Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Correct, I do have trouble with Itchiness of eye.
Doctor : Based on symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23045
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Excessive appetite. Can you please tell me its cause? It is rally making me sick. I want to get well soon.
Doctor : I can easily say that no one can control themselves when it comes to delicious food. I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21848
Patient : Doctor, I am feeling Neck pain. I cannot do my dancing class because of it. Please help.
Doctor : OK, I think you don't need to be this worried. Do you have Headache too?
Patient : Indeed, I have Headache too.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13840
Patient : Hello doctor, I am sickened with Ache all over. What could be its cause? I cannot bear the pain. Please help.
Doctor : Alright, I don't think you have anything serious going on. But have you felt Neck pain?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Are you feeling Leg pain?
Patient : Right, I have got Leg pain.
Doctor : Do you have Low back pain?
Patient : So true, I have Low back pain.
Doctor : Have you got Hip pain?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Do you get Fatigue more often?
Patient : That is correct.
Doctor : Alright, you seem to be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 25001
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Itching of skin. It is making me feel a great deal of discomfort. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand how much uncomfortable it can make one person but have you got Skin rash?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Abnormal appearing skin on my palm.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Acne or pimples?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Dry or flaky scalp?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Dry or flaky scalp as I have seen few white papers like patches on my scalp.
Doctor : Then, it might be troublesome for you to style open hairstyles. Are you dealing with Frequent urination?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Does your Skin on leg or foot looks infected?
Patient : True, my Skin on leg or foot looks infected.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 17337
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Skin rash. Please, let me know its cause. I am in a lot of discomfort because of it.
Doctor : I am sure this can happen to just anyone. Do you have Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : Right, I have trouble with Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1515
Patient : I am ill with Dizziness. I cannot concentrate while studying.
Doctor : Alright, I feel sorry for your suffering but have you got Excessive appetite?
Patient : Correct, I am struggling with Excessive appetite.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8552
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Leg cramps or spasms. I'm in a lot of pain and I was wondering if you could help me.
Doctor : I feel bad for your pain but i think  you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 18887
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have got Pain in eye. I am afraid that It will get worse. It is hurting quite badly.
Doctor : It hurts me to see u like this. Are you also struggling with Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : True, I have felt Ankle pain.
Doctor : Have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : You are totally, right.
Doctor : Per symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16886
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Heavy menstrual flow. Please, let me know its cause. I am worried to leave my house due to it.
Doctor : I cannot imagine how difficult it is for you. You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1586
Patient : Doctor, I have got Loss of sensation. I am afraid that it can get worse. Please help.
Doctor : I am sorry to see u like thus. Do you have Skin swelling?
Patient : Yes, I do have it.
Doctor : Have you got Skin rash?
Patient : I am not fully sure. Please check Skin rash.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Skin lesion?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Headache?
Patient : Correct.
Doctor : Have you got Arm lump or mass?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Arm lump or mass.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that [MASK].
Dialog id : 2051
Patient : Good morning doctor, I have trouble with Abnormal involuntary movements. I am extremelly worried about it. Please help.
Doctor : I can only imagine what you are going through. Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : I do have Problems with movement.
Doctor : OK, Have you got Headache?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24687
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Loss of sensation. I feel like I am loosing control of myself. Please help.
Doctor : I think it is a serious issue. Do you have Headache?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you struggling with Seizures?
Patient : Exactly, I am struggling with Seizures.
Doctor : Have you got Leg pain?
Patient : That is correct.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Insomnia?
Patient : Indeed, I am ill with Insomnia.
Doctor : Per symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 799
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Itching of skin. It is quite irritating and uncomfortable.
Doctor : I feel bad for your situation. Have you also suffered from Skin rash?
Patient : I am not certain, please check, Skin rash.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Literally, I am ill with Swelling of scrotum. 
Doctor : OK, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23186
Patient : Doctor, have a look at my ear, Redness in ear. I am really troubled by it. Please help.
Doctor : I see. I don't think it is anything dangerous. Your ears are slightly red. Tell me, do you have Ear pain?
Patient : True, I am feeling Ear pain.
Doctor : Have you got Fluid in ear.
Patient : Right, I am struggling with Fluid in ear.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 28350
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Cough. I am worried that I will miss my interview which is scheduled next day. Please do something.
Doctor : I can totally understand your concern. Are you suffering from Skin rash?
Patient : Correct, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Fever?
Patient : So true, I have Fever.
Doctor : Are you experiencing Problems during pregnancy?
Patient : Exactly, I am struggling with Problems during pregnancy.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23531
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am experiencing Symptoms of kidneys. I am afraid that something serious can happen to me. Please help.
Doctor : Alright, I feel sorry for your pain. Do you have Fever?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Fever.
Doctor : Have you got Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8500
Patient : Hi doctor, I am sickened with Nausea. I have to be treated before my exam else I will miss it.
Doctor : I can totally understand your situation but have you felt like Vomiting?
Patient : Absolutely correct.
Doctor : OK, I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 2713
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Groin pain. I cannot walk properly due to it. I feel like my manhood is in danger.
Doctor : I feel terribly sorry for you. Do you feel Pain in testicles?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Pain in testicles.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : That is correct.
Doctor : Have you got Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes, I do have it.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Retention of urine?
Patient : Right, I am struggling with Retention of urine.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 29505
Patient : Doctor, I am struggling with Seizures. It is getting worse. Please help me. I am worried.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. Are you also suffering from Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Indeed, I have trouble with  Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : Your symptom analysis indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3573
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Lip swelling. I want to get rid of it. I have to attend a party this Saturday. Please help.
Doctor : OK, I can understand how important it is for you but have you got Depression too?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes, I have got Paresthesia.
Doctor : It seems like you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 27417
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Leg pain. I cannot bear the pain. I feel like I will die because of the pain.
Doctor : I can only imagine how unbearable this pain is. Do you have Back pain?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Hip pain?
Patient : True, I have felt Hip pain.
Doctor : You seem to be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 3765
Patient : Hello doctor, I am feeling Knee pain. I'm in a lot of pain and I was wondering if you could help me.
Doctor : I can understand your problem. Are myou also suffering from Back pain?
Patient : Indeed, I have got Back pain.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : So true, doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27394
Patient : I feel like Vomiting. It is getting very uncomfortable. Please help me.
Doctor : Alright,I can totally see what is causing this. Have you got Headache too?
Patient : That is correct.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1539
Patient : Please, see my eye, Eye redness. What is wrong with me? I feel like I will loose my vision. Please help me.
Doctor : I see. I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5269
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Low back pain. I cannot bear the pain. I have an important meeting tomorrow. Please help.
Doctor : I feel sorry for you. Do you have Back pain too?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Leg pain?
Patient : So true, I have got Leg pain.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29573
Patient : Hi doctor, I am struggling with Abusing alcohol. I feel like I am loosing control of myself. Please help.
Doctor : I hope you can find  yourself again after treatment. Are you suffering from Drug abuse?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27231
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Frequent urination. I am concerned about my state. Please help.
Doctor : I realised which state  you are in. Have you got Excessive appetite?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel Dizziness?
Patient : Yes, I have got Dizziness.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16778
Patient : Doctor, I have got Headache. I have a meeting tomorrow and I am not in state to do it. Please help.
Doctor : This is common and can happen to anyone at anytime. Are you feeling Sharp chest pain?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you feel Dizziness?
Patient : True, I do feel it.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Shortness of breath?
Patient : Correct, I am suffering from Shortness of breath.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 26789
Patient : I am ill with Allergic reaction. I am in very discomfort state. Please help.
Doctor : I can only imagine how uncomfortable you must be feeling. Have you got Skin rash?
Patient : Not sure. Please see Skin rash.
Doctor : Have you felt like Vomiting?
Patient : Indeed, I am suffering from Vomiting.
Doctor : Based on symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18000
Patient : Good morning doctor, I am struggling with Shortness of breath. I feel like suffocating because of it.
Doctor : I can understand how you are feeling. Do you feel Congestion in chest?
Patient : Yes, I have got Congestion in chest.
Doctor : Have you felt Weakness?
Patient : Exactly, I have felt Weakness.
Doctor : Then, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28501
Patient : Doctor, nowadays, I feel like Vomiting. I am afraid about my health state. Please help.
Doctor : OK, I can only imagine how worried you must be about your state of health. are you also suffering from Abusing alcohol?
Patient : So true, I have trouble with Abusing alcohol.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 29912
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Headache. I cannot study because of it. I have my exam dates approaching and I don't want to miss it.
Doctor : I can understand how important it Is for you. Are you suffering from Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : Have you got Seizures?
Patient : Right, I have trouble with Seizures.
Doctor : Do you have Dizziness?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you got Leg pain?
Patient : True, I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Do you get Fatigue quickly?
Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Are you ill with Insomnia?
Patient : Literally, I am sickened with Insomnia.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 2221
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Skin lesion. Can you please tell me its cause? I am concerned about it.
Doctor : OK, I feel sorry for you but you have symptoms of [MASK].
Dialog id : 27106
Patient : Good evening doctor, I am suffering from Knee pain. It cannot ride my bicycle due to it. Please help me.
Doctor : I know how eager you must be for your ride. Do you have Ankle swelling?
Patient : Yes, I have got Ankle swelling.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14997
Patient : Nowadays, I get Fatigue easily. I feel like I have become fargile. Please help me.
Doctor : Alright, I think this can be treated easily but have you felt like Dizziness?
Patient : Absolutely correct.
Doctor : Have you experienced Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Indeed, I have trouble with Disturbance of memory.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 12924
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Frequent urination. It is annoying me now. I cannot watch a movie properly because of it.
Doctor : I can understand how embarassing this can be at public places. Are you struggling with Painful urination?
Patient : Right, I have got Painful urination.
Doctor : Have you felt Suprapubic pain?
Patient : Correct, I have felt Suprapubic pain.
Doctor : Do you have Blood in urine?
Patient : Yes, I have got Blood in urine.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Lower abdominal pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1968
Patient : Doctor, I have got Lacrimation. I am realy worried about my health. Please help.
Doctor : I can only imagine how you are holding yourself together. Are you dealing with Eye redness?
Patient : I am in doubt about it. Please have a look Eye redness.
Doctor : Have you felt Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel Pain in eye?
Patient : That is correct, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Nasal congestion?
Patient : So true, I have got Nasal congestion.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Allergic reaction?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you have Cough?
Patient : Literally, I am sickened with Cough.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 17254
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got severe Sharp abdominal pain. It hurts me so bad. I feel like dying.
Doctor : I feel sorry for your pain. Do you feel like Vomiting?
Patient : Yes, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Nausea?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Have you felt lIke Weakness?
Patient : I do feel Weakness, nowadays.
Doctor : Have you got Fluid retention?
Patient : True, I am suffering from Fluid retention.
Doctor : Then, you may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 28548
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from White discharge from eye. I am afraid that something is serious. Please check.
Doctor : I see how you are suffering from it. Have you felt Pain in eye?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : Do you have Eye redness?
Patient : Correct, I have Eye redness.
Doctor : Have you sensed Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Foreign body sensation in eye.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : Maybe. Please confirm it, see Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7015
Patient : Hi! I am struggling with Retention of urine. I am worried because of it. I want to get well soon.
Doctor : I know how hard it is for you to endure the pain. Do you feel Foot or toe pain?
Patient : That is right.
Doctor : Are you having Problems with movement?
Patient : Indeed, doctor.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10533
Patient : Hi doctor, please see Warts. I have got something on my face. I look ugly because of it. Can you please help me?
Doctor : I think it is common for the people of your age. Are you dealing with Acne or pimples?
Patient : You are right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Irregular appearing scalp?
Patient : Yes, I have got Irregular appearing scalp.
Doctor : Then, per your symptoms, I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 18154
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Ankle pain. I cannot walk properly. I want to get well soon.
Doctor : I can understand your situation. But you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : True, I have got Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Yes, I do have Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : OK, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28152
Patient : Hi doctor, please look at my skin, Skin rash. I am concerned about it. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand how important exams are. Have you felt like Dizziness?
Patient : That is true.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Peripheral edema?
Patient : True, I have got it.
Doctor : I believe that must have caused you discomfort. Please be calm, I am here to help, we will handle this together. Do you also have Lip swelling?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Headache?
Patient : Correct.
Doctor : Do you feel like Vomiting?
Patient : Exactly, most of the time.
Doctor : Alright, you seem to have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15098
Patient : Hi doctor, I have been experiencing Itching of skin for the past five days. I am worried about it. Please help me.

Doctor : Itching is troublesome. I know how it feels. To get an better idea of its cause, let me ask you a few questions. Do you have Skin rash too?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Skin lesion?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : Do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : For sure, I have Abnormal appearing skin on my feet soles. Sometimes, I lose my balance while walking becuase of it.
Doctor : That is undoubtedly creating difficulty in maintaining balance. Have you got Acne or pimples?
Patient : That is correct.
Doctor : Do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : Exactly, I have got Ankle pain.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24484
Patient : Hello doctor, I have an Abnormal appearing skin issue on my neck. It came into sight when I came to my house after completing my one-day trip to a beach. I want to get rid of it as soon as possible. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand your situation. Please answer a few questions first; I want to get into its details. So, are you suffering from Skin rash?

Patient : Indeed doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Skin moles?
Patient : Yes, I have got Skin moles on my forehead.
Doctor : Do you have trouble with Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : Correct, I am struggling with Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness.
Doctor : It seems like you have developed sensitivity to sun. Please avoid too much sun-exposure. Have you got Acne or pimples?
Patient : Right, I have got Acne or pimples.
Doctor : You have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 13728
Patient : Doctor, I have got Fever. I have an interview next week. I want to be fit before it.
Doctor : OK, I can understand but this is common. So do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Correct, I have trouble with Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Have you got Congestion in chest?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : That is true.
Doctor : Have you got the habit of Nailbiting?
Patient : Yes, nowadays, I have got the habit of Nailbiting.
Doctor : Alright, I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 28566
Patient : I am suffering from Wrist pain. I cannot play guitar due to it. I want to get well soon.
Doctor : I can understand how important it is for you. Have you got Knee pain too?
Patient : True, doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7728
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Dizziness. I feel like I am not active. I am a sportsman and it is not good for me.
Doctor : I think it's not that serious. So please co-operate with me. Do you have Back pain?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Diminished hearing?
Patient : Right, I have trouble with Diminished hearing.
Doctor : Per symptoms, you might have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 5533
Patient : Hello, I have shortness of breath. What is wrong with me? I feel like I am strugling to catch up with breathig.
Doctor : I can understand how uncomfortable it makes you.  Do you have fluid retention?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : OK, do you have leg swelling?
Patient : Yes, my legs have been swelling.
Doctor : Alright, you seem to have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5523
Patient : Doctor, I have wrist pain. I cannot work on my computer. I want it to get well soon.Please help.
Doctor : Let me ask some questions for your treatment. Do you have Shoulder pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5510
Patient : Doctor, I have pain in eye. I am afraid that I will slowly loose my vision. Please help.
Doctor : You will be fine. I will diagnose it. Do you have Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Nowadays I am having facial pain.
Doctor : Alright. Do you have Facial pain?
Patient : I think so doctor
Doctor : Fine. Do you have ankle pain?
Patient : I have that
Doctor : Ok. Do you have wrist pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Are you experiencing pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Indeed
Doctor : Do you have excessive anger?
Patient : I do have
Doctor : Are you experiencing Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : Are you having Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Yes I have it.
Doctor : Do you feel Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Right, on my left leg I have got Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : Knee problems can often disrupt your walking and other leg movement. Please take good care of your legs. Do you also have fatigue?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : You seem to have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5504
Patient : Doctor, why am I fainting? I feel broken inside. I don't know what's happening.
Doctor : Probably because you are getting weak. You will be fine. I will do the diagnosis. Do you have Headache?
Patient : I have headache
Doctor : Fine. Do you have Nausea?
Patient : I do have it.
Doctor : Ok. Do you have Dizziness?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Indeed
Doctor : Do you have Sleepiness?
Patient : I do have
Doctor : Are you experiencing Frontal headache?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5496
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Skin lesion. Please tell its cause?
Doctor : You and your son will be fine. Let me see. You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5494
Patient : Doctor, I have shoulder pain. Because of it, I am unable to do my exercises. Please help.
Doctor : Excersice is good for health. Let me check. Do you have wrist pain?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : Alright. Do you have Hand or finger pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Are you having arm pain too?
Patient : Indeed
Doctor : Do you have Hand or finger swelling?
Patient : Yes, I have got it. I can not even grasp things with that hand.
Doctor : I know how difficult your day-to-day life can become with swelling in hand. Do you have Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5488
Patient : Doctor, why do I have penile discharge? I am concerned about my health. Please help me.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5481
Patient : Doctor, please check my skin Skin rash. I am worried about it. I want to get well soon.
Doctor : I see. Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 5478
Patient : Hello, doctor. I am suffering from Depressive or psychotic symptoms. Please let me know it's cause. I am afraid that something will happen to me. I want to get well soon.
Doctor : With proper care, you will get alright. Do you have depression?
Patient : Sometimes I have depression
Doctor : Would you say you have Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5475
Patient : I am having knee pain doctor. Please help. I feel great pain. I am really worried. Please help me Doctor.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through this. I will try to diagnose it. Do you have Knee stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : You seem to have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5465
Patient : Doctor, I have got Skin lesion on my hand. 
Doctor : Ok. Do you have abnormal appearing skin also?
Patient : True doctor.
Doctor : It seems like you are allergic to sun exposure. Please avoid sun-exposure as much as possible. And apply good sunscreen while going outside. Tell me, do you have skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : Yes, I have all of the above.
Doctor : Ok, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5464
Patient : Hello, doctor. I am suffering from delusions and hallucinations Please let me know it's cause. I feel like I have lost my mind. Please help me.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through this. I will try to diagnose it. Do you face abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes, I do experience abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : Would you say that you have anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Sometimes I have those
Doctor : Ok, do you face Cramps and spasms?
Patient : Yes Doctor
Doctor : Do you havproblems with movement?
Patient : Yes, indeed.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 5454
Patient : Doctor, why do I have acne or pimples? I look ugly because of it. I want to get rid of them as soon as possible.
Doctor : [MASK] or pimples are a very common issue. You don't have to think about it like that. You have just [MASK] issue.
Dialog id : 5446
Patient : Hello, doctor. I am suffering from seizures. Please let me know it's cause.
Doctor : I see. Do you have sore throat?
Patient : True I have sore throat
Doctor : Would you say you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Indeed I am having those nowadays
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 5445
Patient : Doctor, why do I have cough? I am worried about it. I have my exams approaching. I need to be fit in order to attend it.
Doctor : I can see how important it is for you to get well soon. Let me check. Are you suffering from Excessive appetite?
Patient : Yes, I am having excessive apetite nowadays.
Doctor : Alright. Do you have Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Are you having Frequent urination too?
Patient : Indeed
Doctor : Do you have Itchy eyelid?
Patient : I am not sure. Please check my eye, Itchy eyelid.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 5442
Patient : Hello, doctor. I am suffering from Depressive or psychotic symptoms. Please let me know it's cause. I am concerned about it. I have my college starting this week.
Doctor : That is great. I can understand why you are worried, no one wants to miss first day of their college. Sure. Do you have Back pain?
Patient : Yes, I have that.
Doctor : Fine. Do you have Side pain?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : I have leg pain
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5437
Patient : I am having Decreased appetite doctor. I cannot eat properly and I am skipping my meals. Please help.
Doctor : You should not skip your meals. I will try to diagnose you. Are you having cough?
Patient : Yes, indeed.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5420
Patient : I have Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I feel very underrated. I don't know what's wrong with me. Please help me.
Doctor : You don't have to think it in that way. You will be fine. Let me check. Are you suffering from anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes I am having anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5418
Patient : I am having Neck pain. Does it indicate any disease ? Is it something to worried about? It is affecting my daily routine.
Doctor : Alright. Do you have Headache?
Patient : Yes I have it.
Doctor : Ok. Do you have Dizziness?
Patient : I have it.
Doctor : Do you have Back Pain?
Patient : I do have back pain
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5415
Patient : I think I have infertility. I am worried about it. I want to have my own baby. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your reason of concern. I will try to diagnose it. Let me see. Do you have Long menstrual periods?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : OK, are you facing Absence of menstruation?
Patient : Nowadays I am facing absence of menstruation.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5394
Patient : Doctor, I have itching of scrotum. I am worried about it. Please help me.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5389
Patient : I am having Groin pain. Does it indicate any disease ?  It is difficult to walk because of it.
Doctor : I can understand your situation. Do you have Pain in testicles?
Patient : Yes I have it.
Doctor : Ok. Do you have Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Indeed
Doctor : Do you have Lower body pain?
Patient : Recently I have it.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5382
Patient : I am having Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I am afraid of my mental state. Can you please help me?
Doctor : You don't have to feel it that way. You will be fine. Do you have Disturbance of memory as well?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ok. Do you have Depression?
Patient : Sometimes I have depressiom
Doctor : Based on yoir symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5378
Patient : I think I have infertility. I am really concerned about it. Can you please help me?
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5369
Patient : I am having weight gain. I feel like I look ugly because of it.
Doctor : You don't have to think like that. You will be fine. You seem to have [MASK]
Dialog id : 5368
Patient : I have Pelvic pain Doctor. It is hard to sit because of it. Please help me.
Doctor : I can absolutely understand your situation. Let me see. You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5365
Patient : Why do I have depression ? I feel like I am loosing myself. I don't know how to live in this condition.
Doctor : We all feel like this when we suffer from depression. You will be fine. Let me see. Do you have Sweating too?
Patient : Yes, I am having sweating
Doctor : OK, are you having Allergic reaction?
Patient : I am having it
Doctor : Do you have Weakness?
Patient : Nowadays yes
Doctor : Are you having Sore throat?
Patient : Yes I have sore throat
Doctor : Do you face Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes mostly
Doctor : Do you have cough?
Patient : Indeed
Doctor : Do you experience fainting?
Patient : I face it sometimes
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5356
Patient : Please check why I have Back pain. It hurts a lot. I cannot work because of it.
Doctor : I can understand the trouble you are facing because of it. Do you have Low Back Pain?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : OK, are you having Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : I am having it
Doctor : Do you have Hip pain?
Patient : I have hip pain since yesterday
Doctor : I think you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 5353
Patient : I am having Decreased heart rate. I am really worried about my health conditiion.
Doctor : I can really imagine how difficult it is for you. You seem to have [MASK]
Dialog id : 5342
Patient : My infant is spitting up. Please check her. I am really worried about the health condition. Please help my infant.
Doctor : I am here to help. Let me ask you some questions about her health. Does she have Diarrhea?
Patient : Yes she is having diarrhea.
Doctor : Ok. Does she have Cough?
Patient : Yes she is having cough too
Doctor : Does she have Nasal congestion?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : She seems to have [MASK]
Dialog id : 5304
Patient : Hello, doctor! I have Peripheral edema. It is quite uncomfortable. I am worried. Please help.
Doctor : I can understand your state. I will try to diagnose it. Do you have Lip swelling?
Patient : Maybe. Please check my lip, Lip swelling.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Nausea?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Headache?
Patient : I do have it.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK] based on your symptoms.
Dialog id : 5289
Patient : Hello, doctor! Please check my skin SKin rash  I have not been able to rest properly because of it..
Doctor : I'm sorry to hear that you're going through this. I will try to diagnose it. Alright, do you have Headache?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Throat swelling?
Patient : I do have it.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK] based on your symptoms.
Dialog id : 5284
Patient : Please check my skin Skin rash I am worried that I will worsen over time. Please help.
Doctor : I am here to help you. Let me diagnose you. Are you having Allergic reaction?
Patient : Yes I am having allergic reaction
Doctor : Do you have Cough?
Patient : Right.
Doctor : Are you having Swollen eye?
Patient : You are totally right, doctor. I have got swollen eye.
Doctor : I believe you must be in great pain because of this. Are you also having skin swelling?
Patient : True, I am having Skin swelling as well. 
Doctor : According to your symptoms, I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5281
Patient : Hello, doctor! Why am I having Infertility? I am really concerned about it. I am afraid that I will not never have my own child. Please help.
Doctor : I can absolutely understand your situation. Do you have Pelvic pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Alright, do you have  Burning abdominal pain?

Patient : I do have it.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK] based on your symptoms.
Dialog id : 5274
Patient : Hello, doctor! Why am I having Eyelid swelling? I cannot see properly because of it. I want to get rid of it. Please help me.
Doctor : Swelling of eyelid can be cured with proper care. Do you have Swollen eye?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Alright, do you have  Eyelid lesion or rash?

Patient : I am not sure. Please check Eyelid lesion or rash.
Doctor : Do you have Skin growth?
Patient : Possibly, please confim Skin growth.
Doctor : Do you have Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : I do have it.
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK] based on your symptoms.
Dialog id : 5261
Patient : Can you tell why I have knee pain? I cannot walk properly. It is affecting my daily routine as well.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through this. You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5251
Patient : Hi doctor, why am I having Itchiness of eye? It is getting worse and I am worried about it. Please help.
Doctor : Problems with itchiness of eyes is common. You must be facing difficulty while working. Let me see. Do you have Mass on eyelid?
Patient : Yes, I have got it.
Doctor : I understand your state right now. Yo may be in great pain as well. I am here to help, don't worry! Alright, do you have Skin growth?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Indeed true
Doctor : OK, do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : You are right.
Doctor : OK, do you have Wrinkles on skin?
Patient : I have wrinkles on skin
Doctor : It seems like you have [MASK] based on your symptoms.
Dialog id : 18458
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I am afraid that something can happen to me. I have a brother whom I need to take care of.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through this. You will be fine. I will try to diagnose it. I see, are you having Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Depression?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Depression.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Low self-esteem?
Patient : Indeed Low self-esteem.
Doctor : I see, are you having Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes I am having Excessive anger.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 638
Patient : Hello doc! It is an Abnormal appearing skin. It really concerns me.
Doctor : You must be really concerned about it. I can understand your situation. I see, are you having Skin rash?
Patient : Yes I am having Skin rash.
Doctor : Your symptoms analysis suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8920
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Anxiety and nervousness. Due to this I am unable to concentrate on my studies. Please help me out.
Doctor : I can absolutely understand your situation. Ok, let me see. Do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Headache?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5073
Patient : Doctor, please check my eye Eye redness. I am concerned about it. Is it curable?
Doctor : Let me see. I can understand the what you are going through. Your eyes are bloodshoot in color. Please tell, do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Indeed Pain in eye.
Doctor : I see, are you having Swollen eye?
Patient : Maybe. Please examine Swollen Eye.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Painful sinuses?
Patient : Yes I am having Painful sinuses.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Painful urination?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18675
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Vaginal bleeding after menopause. I am missing my trainning because of it.
Doctor : You are not alone. This happens to many women. I will try to diagnose it. Let me check, do you have Pus in sputum?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28115
Patient : I think I have Anxiety and nervousness. I feel like I am loosing with myself. Please help me. I don't know how to live with it.
Doctor : I can understand how hard it is for you to live with it. I will try to diagnose it. Do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes I am having Depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Depression?
Patient : Indeed Depression.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8734
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Diminished vision. It is very annoying. I am unable to read newspaper properly.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through this. I will try to diagnose it. Let me check, do you have Elbow pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Elbow pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14524
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Sore throat. I cannot eat properly. I want to get rid of it. Please help me.
Doctor : I can really imagine how difficult it must be for you to eat food. Are you having Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21431
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Shoulder swelling. I want to get rid of it as soon as possible. I have a hurdle competition tomorrow. Please help.
Doctor : I can see how urgent it is for you to get well soon. Let me see. Do you have Involuntary urination?
Patient : Indeed Involuntary urination.
Doctor : I see, are you having Vulvar sore?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Vulvar sore.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15267
Patient : I think I have Disturbance of memory. I feel like I will forget everyone. I am really afraid. Please help me Doctor.
Doctor : I can absolutely understand your situation. Let me check, do you have Depression?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes I am having Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5733
Patient : Doctor, I have been suffering from Irregular appearing scalp. 
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19812
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Vaginal pain. It is very painful. I want to get rid of it as soon as possible.
Doctor : I can understand the trouble you are facing because of it. Do you have Penile discharge?
Patient : Indeed Penile discharge.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Vaginal discharge?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes I am having Itching of skin.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3944
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Shortness of breath. I am really concerned about it. I feel like I will dies any moment. Please help.
Doctor : With proper care, you will be fine. Alright, do you have Rib pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see, are you having Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6946
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Symptoms of the kidneys. I am worried that it might be some sort of serious problem. Please check it.
Doctor : I will check it, do not panic. Alright, do you have Congestion in chest?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10418
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Dizziness. I am really worried about it. Can you please find out the reason?
Doctor : I can understand how hard it is for you to live with it. I will try to diagnose it. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21231
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Joint pain. Due to this I am unable to go to my work. Please help me out.
Doctor : We all cannot concentrate on our work when we have joint pain. Are you having Back pain?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Indeed Ache all over.
Doctor : I see, are you having Rib pain?
Patient : Indeed Rib pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13637
Patient : Good morning, doctor. I am dealing with Abnormal Appearing skin on myback. I am really concerned about it. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. I will try to diagnose it. Let me know further details, are you having Allergic reaction?
Patient : True sometimes I have Allergic reaction.
Doctor : OK, do you have Acne or pimples?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Acne or pimples.
Doctor : Tell me, do you have Skin irritation?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Per symptoms analysis, you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 25307
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Muscle pain. I am not able to do my work properly because of it.
Doctor : Problems with muscles are serious issues. No doubt you must be facing difficulty while working. Alright, do you have Ache all over?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11950
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Neck pain. I am missing my school because of it.
Doctor : I understand. No one like to miss their school. Let me see. Do you have Headache?
Patient : True sometimes I have Headache.
Doctor : I see, are you having Focal weakness?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Loss of sensation?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Loss of sensation.
Doctor : I see, are you having Nausea?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20487
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Weakness. I am missing my trainning because of it.
Doctor : Trainings are important for us. You will be fine soon. Do you have Difficulty speaking?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Muscle weakness?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Muscle weakness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10626
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Foreign body sensation in eye. It is very annoying. I want to get rid of it as soon as possible.
Doctor : I can understand your current state. Are you having Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Indeed Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : I see, are you having Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7077
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Paresthesia. I want to get well soon. Please help me.
Doctor : I will help you with it. You will be fine. Let me check, do you have Fatigue?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Feeling ill?
Patient : Indeed Feeling ill.
Doctor : I see, are you having Ache all over?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Arm pain?
Patient : Indeed Arm pain.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Headache?
Patient : True sometimes I have Headache.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24094
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Symptoms of eye. I am worried that I will loose my vision. Please do something.
Doctor : I can understand why you are worried this much. Let me check, do you have Mass on eyelid?
Patient : True, I have got mass on my eyelid.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Swollen eye?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Eyelid swelling?
Patient : Yes, I have it.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26563
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Double vision. I cannot study properly because ofit. Please help me out.
Doctor : I can understand how double vision is affecting your studies. Let me see. Do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes I am having Diminished vision.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17231
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Sharp abdominal pain. I am worried about it. My semester exams are aproaching. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand whay you are worried this much. Let me check, do you have Penile discharge?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Penile discharge.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Vaginal discharge?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Pelvic pain?
Patient : Yes I am having Pelvic pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1726
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Frequent urination. Due to this I am unable to concentrate on my work. Please help me out.
Doctor : I am sorry that you are going through this. I will try to diagnose it. Do you have Vaginal discharge?
Patient : True sometimes I have Vaginal discharge.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Vaginal pain?
Patient : Yes I am having Vaginal pain.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Pelvic pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Pelvic pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22718
Patient : Hello, doctor! Please check my skin Skin rash. I think it will become worse and I am really concerned about it.
Doctor : I can absolutely understand your situation. Ok, let me see. Do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Itching of skin.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes, I do have Abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18356
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Hostile behavior. I am afraid of myself and I think I can hurt anybody. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand how hard it is for you to live with it. I will try to diagnose it. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18325
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Pain in eye. I am really worried about it.
Doctor : I can understaand why you are worried. I will help you out. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9242
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Coryza. I am really concerned about my health condition. Please help me.
Doctor : I am here to help you out. I will do the diagnosis. Alright, do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I am not sure. Please check Skin rash.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Fever?
Patient : Yes I am having Fever.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : Indeed Itching of skin.
Doctor : I see, are you having Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Vomiting?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Mouth ulcer?
Patient : Indeed Mouth ulcer.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Fluid retention?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6642
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Neck pain. I have to participate in a basketball match. Please cure me.
Doctor : I can understand your urgency to get well soon. Let me check, do you have Shoulder pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Shoulder pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2747
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Acne or pimples. I feel ashamed of going outside in public. I think I look horrible because of it.
Doctor : Weight gain is a common problem these days and there is nothing to be ashamed about. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I am not confident whether it is rash or not. Please check my skin, Skin rash. It's on my feet sole and hinders the walking.
Doctor : I see you for sure suffering from difficulty in walking with it. Even I'd feel the same way you do in your situation. Do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Itching of skin.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes I am dealing with Abnormal appearing skin on my palm.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Foot or toe lump or mass?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19567
Patient : Hello, doctor! Please check my skin, Skin rash. Please let me know its cause.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. It seems like mite bites. However, to better understand its cause, tell me, do you have Itching of skin?

Patient : Yes I am suffering from Itching of skin.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3897
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Shortness of breath. Due to this I am unable to work for long. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand the trouble you are facing because of it. Are you having Dizziness?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : You are totally right, doctor.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Symptoms of the kidneys?
Patient : Indeed Symptoms of the kidneys.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3272
Patient : I think I have Anxiety and nervousness. I'm in a lot of fear and I was wondering if you could help me.
Doctor : There is nothing to be fear about. You will be fine. Ok, let me see. Do you have Headache?
Patient : True sometimes I have Headache.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Depression?
Patient : Yes I am having Depression.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Dizziness?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see, are you having Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 129
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Knee pain. I have a swimming competition next week and I am afraid that I will miss it.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. I will try to diagnose it. I see, are you having Leg pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15372
Patient : Hello, doctor! Please check my skin Skin rash. I am worried that it will get worse. Please help.
Doctor : I see why you are so worried. I am here to help. Are you having Skin growth?
Patient : Right, I have got Skin growth.
Doctor : Skin growth can cause a person to panic. But please try to maintain your calm. Are you having Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I see, are you having Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Indeed Abnormal movement of eyelid.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26230
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Fever. I have to get well before next week. I have my final exams.
Doctor : I can see how urgent it is for you to get well soon. Let me see. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Not sure. Please confirm it, Skin rash.
Doctor : I see, are you having Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Cough?
Patient : True sometimes I have Cough.
Doctor : I see, are you having Skin swelling?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Eye redness?
Patient : Maybe. Please have a look at it, Eye redness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16177
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Loss of sensation. I am afraid that I will have to live with it till rest of my life.
Doctor : It is a common problem. You will be fine if you take care of it. Do you have Skin lesion?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28639
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Pain or soreness of breast. I was wondering if you could help me. I am really worried.
Doctor : I can understand your concern. I will help you with it. Let me check, do you have Facial pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : I see, are you having Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14392
Patient : I think I have Loss of sensation. I am worried about my health. Please help me.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Skin on leg or foot looks infected?
Patient : True sometimes I have Skin on leg or foot looks infected.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22749
Patient :  I have Long menstrual periods. I am extremely worried about it. Please help.
Doctor : It is a common issue. You should not worry. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13983
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Depression. I have to be treated before my exam dates are out.
Doctor : I can understand how it is affecting your studies. Ok, let me see. Do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Indeed Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17060
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Sharp chest pain. I have not been able to breath comfortably because of the pain.
Doctor : I can understand how hard it is for you to breath properly. I will try to diagnose it. I see, are you having Dizziness?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3074
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Sharp abdominal pain. I am really concerned about it. Please help me.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. I will try to diagnose it. Alright, do you have Infertility?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Infertility.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Intermenstrual bleeding?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1551
Patient : I think I have Loss of sensation. I have to get well before my exam dates are out. Else I will miss it. Please help me.
Doctor : I can see how urgent it is for you to get well soon. Let me check, do you have Back pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Low back pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Leg pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Leg pain.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Joint pain?
Patient : Yes I am having Joint pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11091
Patient : I think I have Anxiety and nervousness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26303
Patient : I think I have Swelling of scrotum. I feel ashamed about it. And I cannot walk properly.
Doctor : We all can get sick. There is nothing to be ashamed about. Are you having Pain in testicles?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Pain in testicles.
Doctor : I see, are you having Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Lower abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Retention of urine?
Patient : Yes I am having Retention of urine.
Doctor : I see, are you having Lower body pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Mass in scrotum?
Patient : Indeed Mass in scrotum.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6693
Patient : I think I have Infertility. I feel ashamed about it. Can you please help me?
Doctor : I can understand how you are feeling. But there is nothing to be ashamed about. I will try to diagnose it. Let me check, do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I see, are you having Lower abdominal pain?
Patient : Indeed Lower abdominal pain.
Doctor : I see, are you having Vaginal pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28522
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Shortness of breath. I am really in trouble because of it. I was wondering if you could help me.
Doctor : I can understand how hard it is for you to live with it. I will try to diagnose it. Do you have Peripheral edema?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Peripheral edema.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Nausea?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Nausea.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Vomiting?
Patient : True sometimes I have Vomiting.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10633
Patient : Good morning doctor,  I have Groin pain. I cannot walk comfortably because of it. Please help me.
Doctor : I can absolutely understand your situation. Let me check, do you have Nausea?
Patient : True.
Doctor : I see, are you having Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Nowadays I am having Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Vaginal pain?
Patient : True sometimes I have Vaginal pain.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6989
Patient : Hi Doctor, why am I having Weakness. I have a tennis competition scheduled three days ahead and I am worried that I will miss it.
Doctor : I can understsand because of this issue, you cannot play your tennis match perfectly. Alright, do you have Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Indeed Abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : I see, are you having Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28934
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Shortness of breath. I was wondering if you could help me. I am really concerned about it.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. I will try to diagnose it. Let me check, do you have Rib pain?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Let me check, do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Yes I am having Ache all over.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14670
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Pain during pregnancy. I'm in a lot of pain and I was wondering if you could help me.
Doctor : I understand this happening to you at this stage of pregnancy.  Let me check, do you have Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Ok, let me see. Do you have Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes I am having Excessive anger.
Doctor : I see, are you having Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I see, are you having Fatigue?
Patient : Indeed Fatigue.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3873
Patient : Something is wrong with my skin. Please check Skin rash. I am really concerned about it. I have a swimming competition next week and I am afraid that I will miss it.
Doctor : I see how important it is for you to get well. Are you having Vomiting?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12796
Patient : I think I have Weight gain. I think I look fat now. I am ashamed of going outside in public.
Doctor : Weight gain is a common problem these days and can be completely curable as well. Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23629
Patient : Doctor, I am facing Dizziness. I was wondering if you could help me. I am really in trouble.
Doctor : I can understand your state of concern. I will try to diagnose it. I see, are you having Peripheral edema?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20257
Patient : Good Morning Doctor. Please check why I have Foot or toe pain. I'm in a lot of pain and I was wondering if you could help me.
Doctor : I can understand how difficult it is for you to live with this pain. Let me check, do you have Knee pain?
Patient : Yes I am having Knee pain.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Foot or toe stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes I have that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27157
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Hip pain. It is making me difficult to sit. Help me.
Doctor : I will help you, I am sorry to hear you can't sit properly. Ok, are you suffering from Groin pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6872
Patient : Doctor, I am feeling Seizures. I am unable to control movements of my arms and legs. Please help me.
Doctor : That can be disturbing and I will try to fix it.  Can you tell me are you dealing with Depression?
Patient : I think I am in depression. I am felling restlessness. Help me out.
Doctor : Sure I'll. It ishard to be in such situation. Can you begin by saying, is there any allergic reaction in your body?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have sore throat?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Ok, are you feeling any anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am feeling that too.
Doctor : Are you noticing any abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have fatigue?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Hmm. You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2901
Patient : Doctor, I think I have got something on my skin. Please take a look! Skin rash
Doctor : I see. It looks severe. Are you allergic to some substance? If you are, then please avoid coming in contact with it. For a better understanding of your case, please tell me have you seen Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes it is present.
Doctor : Ok, are you suffering from Skin swelling?
Patient : Right, I am suffering from Skin swelling problem.
Doctor : Per your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13981
Patient : Hi Doctor, I have experienced Depressive or psychotic symptoms. Due to it I am feeling loss of interest in everything. Please help me know its cause.
Doctor : It can be tough to engage in an activity with it. To know  its reason can you comment are you dealing with Depression?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Depression. It has slowed my thinking and causing problme in every walk of my life.
Doctor : Ok, Have you experienced Low self-esteem on any occasion?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I experienced that.
Doctor : Alright, You are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 13918
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Loss of sex drive. My relationship with my wife is in danger because of it. Could you help me out?
Doctor : I understand you are afraid your relationship with your wife might be affected. I suggest you to avoid taking too much stress on yourself. However, this problem could be because of many reasons. Can you tell if are you suffering from Nausea or not?
Patient : Yes, I have been suffering from it.
Doctor : Ok, Have you got Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Right Doctor. I am feeling shortness of breath because of it.
Doctor : That seems tough to have. Can you tell are you suffering from Groin pain?
Patient : True, I have got Groin pain.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Vaginal pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Ok, Have you got Vulvar sore?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I got that too.
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 9087
Patient : Doctor, Nowadays, I felt like Vomiting.
Doctor : Ok, Have you got skin rash?
Patient : Can you take a look? Skin rash
Doctor : Have you sickened with Coryza?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Coryza.
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 1738
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am suffering from Impotence. It has made my life difficult.
Doctor : I understand what you are feeling. Ok, Are you dealing with Frequent urination?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with it. I am visiting washroom again and again.
Doctor : That must have annoyed you. So do have you got Blood in urine?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have got Blood in urine.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 13713
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Wrist pain. It is making me difficult to grip object. Help me out.
Doctor : I hear what you are saying,  For proper understanding can you say have you felt Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I felt that. I am losing my ability to feel pain. 
Doctor : I comprehend your situation. Can you say are you suffering from Hand or finger pain?
Patient : True Doctor.
Doctor : Ok, Have you got Neck pain?
Patient : Right, I have got Neck pain.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 17343
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain during pregnanacy.
Doctor : Let me know do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor. 
Doctor : Have you got Facial pain?
Patient : Right, I have Facial pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Ankle pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : True, I am suffering from Wrist pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : Have you felt Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Yes. I am having Knee lump or mass. Is it something to worry about?
Doctor : I can't say anything right now. Let me finish the symptom analysis first. Do you feel Fatigue?
Patient : True indeed Doctor.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : Looking at your symptoms, I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7147
Patient : Hello Doctor,  I am dealing with Diminished hearing. Because of it I am avoiding social settings. Help me to overcome it.
Doctor : That must make it difficult to deal with people. I'll do my best to aid you. For proper understanding are you feeling any Back pain ?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is causing a stabbing sensation in back and made me very difficult to sit.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29753
Patient : Hi doctor I have got Skin lesion. What is wrong with my skin?
Doctor : Let me see.Have you felt Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 13158
Patient : Hello Doctor, I have Pain in eye
Doctor : Ok, do you have Eye redness?
Patient : Here are my reports! Can you please check for it? Eye redness
Doctor : Are there any Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel Itchiness of eye?
Patient : I feel Itchiness of eye.
Doctor : You are suffering with [MASK].
Dialog id : 7180
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am suffering from Frequent urination. It is interfering me to do my work. Help me.
Doctor : Alright, Do you have Vaginal pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you experience Groin pain?
Patient : I do Doctor. It is making me difficult to walk.
Doctor : Ok,Based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 17239
Patient : Hi Doctor, I have got Skin lesion. what is wrong with me?
Doctor :  Do you have Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : I am not sure! Please see this Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness
Doctor : Ok, Do you feel Itching of skin?
Patient : True. 
Doctor : Are you suffering from Back pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.   
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 27249
Patient : Hello Doctor, I have got Excessive urination at night
Doctor : Ok, Do you have Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Ankle pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Ankle pain.
Doctor : Alright. Do you feel Excessive anger?
Patient : I do feel Doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Yes, I am having that.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms,You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 978
Patient : Hello Doctor, I am suffering from Impotence. It has made my life challenging, help me.
Doctor : Whatever you are feeling is valid, I will find its reason. Can you say do you have trouble with Retention of urine too?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I have a hard time starting the flow of urine.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20322
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms. It is causing sudden change in my appetite, I want to know its reason.
Doctor : That sounds like things are getting out of control. For clarity can you say are you dealing with Depression too?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am feelnig worthless because of it.
Doctor : It make sense what you are saying, so ao you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Abusing alcohol?
Patient : Yes, I have got Abusing alcohol.
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 1021
Patient : Hello Doctor, I have got Wrist pain.
Doctor : Can you say do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Ankle pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am suffering from Ankle pain.
Doctor : Fine, are you experiencing Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : I have suffered from Pain during pregnancy.
Doctor : Are you having Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes, sometimes Doctor.
Doctor : Alright, have you got the Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor :  Have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Yes. I have Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : I see.Do you feel Fatigue more often?
Patient : I do Doctor.
Doctor : Ok, are you suffering from Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms signify that you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 22642
Patient : Hello Doctor, I am dealing with Frequent urination. It is cauing me to visit toilet too often. Help me.
Doctor : That can be annoying. To know more do have you got Cough?
Patient : Yes Doctor.I have got Cough.
Doctor : Fine. Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15382
Patient : Hi Doctor, I have got Skin swelling on my arm. What could be its cause? Is it due to any allergy? I have a party tomorrow, I am afraid I have to miss that.
Doctor : I am so sorry that you have to go through this. Have you gained any Groin mass?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Ok, Do you Skin rash?
Patient : I am uncertain about it. Can you please confirm it? skin rash
Doctor : Are you dealing with Loss of sensation?
Patient : I am dealing with it Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Arm swelling?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am having Arm swelling problem.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Headache?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : Please comment on this by looking at swollen eye
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 24483
Patient : Hi doctor I am having Skin lesion, please tell its reason?
Doctor : It seems likeyou have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 22988
Patient : Hello Doctor, I am dealing with Abnormal appearing skin. Actually, I move a lot in Sun due the nature of my job. I can not make out whether due to this Sun exposure this skin problem is arising?  What could be it's cause?
Doctor : OK, I have got your point. Do you have got Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Then, you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 4232
Patient : Doctor, nowadays, I Fatigue quickly.
Doctor : Ok, have you felt Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Ankle pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Wrist pain too?
Patient : I am suffering from Wrist pain too.
Doctor : Are you experiencing Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : I am experiencing that doctor.
Doctor : Have you suffered from Excessive anger?
Patient : True.
Doctor : Do you feel Knee lump or mass?
Patient : I am having it. 
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 9016
Patient : Doctor, I have trouble with Abnormal involuntary movements. It is causing random movements.
Doctor : What is happening with you I will try to find its reason. Can you comment on are you struggling with Seizures?
Patient : Exactly, I am struggling with Seizures. It is causing uncntrollable movement of  body parts.
Doctor : I hear what you are saying. Do you have Nausea?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 17277
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am suffering from Decreased appetite. It is cauing me to feel weak. Help me out.
Doctor : I'm sorry to hear this. I'll try to find its reason, can you comment do you have any Muscle pain?
Patient : True Doctor.I am having Muscle pain.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 20119
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Anxiety and nervousness. It is making me tensed in every situation.
Doctor : I'm on your side, so don't worry.  For clarity do have you got Depression too?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is making my mood sad.
Doctor : You are in tough spot. Have you felt Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes I have felt it.
Doctor : Then, You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 17822
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with a Skin rash recently. I have tried several treatments for curing this condition. But, none of them worked. Please save me.
Doctor : I can get your point. Skin rash can be due to various reasons. Let me first ask you some questions regarding other symptoms.  Are you suffering from any Allergic reaction?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Itching of skin?
Patient : I am feeling Itching of skin recently.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Peripheral edema?
Patient : True, I have got it. I am very tensed. Is it something serious?
Doctor : Please don't worry. Let me ask you the last question. Have you got Lip swelling?
Patient : I don't know. Please see Lip swelling
Doctor : Alright, you seem to have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14724
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Back pain. It is cauing burning sensation in back, help me doctor.
Doctor : I can feel the pain you feel. Are you also suffering from Hip pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 13178
Patient : Doctor, I have pain in testicles. It is causing irritation help me please.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. Can you say are you suffering from Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : True Doctor. It is hurting me.
Doctor : Do you have any Side pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I have Side pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Lower abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.  
Doctor : Ok, do you have any Mass in scrotum?
Patient : Yes, I have Mass in scrotum.
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 14470
Patient : Hello doctor, I am suffering from Abnormal appearing skin. You can see in may places my skin has become reddish. It is itching also. What could be its cause?
Doctor : I think, you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 17809
Patient : Doctor, I have Headache. It is cauing crankiness in my head. Help me.
Doctor : Whatever you are feeling is painful. Can you say are you having trouble with Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is causing random movements.
Doctor : I realize the difficulties. Can you comment have you experienced Seizures?
Patient : I have experienced Seizures
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25561
Patient : Doctor, I am sickened with Diarrhea. It is making me dehydrated. Why is this happening?
Doctor : I comprehend your situation. Can you say, have you experienced Vomiting?
Patient : I have Experienced Vomiting Doctor. It makes me feel restless.
Doctor : It can be frustrating to have such experience. Do you have Nausea?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Are you struggling with Weakness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you struggling with Decreased appetite?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am struggling with it.
Doctor : Ok, based on these symptoms, You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 6822
Patient : Doctor, can you take a look at Eye redness and tell me what is wrong?
Doctor : Let me check. Do you have any Pain in eye?
Patient : True Doctor.
Doctor : Do you see Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I do.
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 28909
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shoulder cramps or spasms
Doctor : Are you suffering from Sharp abdominal pain
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Ok, Do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : I have Ankle pain.
Doctor : Do you have any Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : I do have Doctor.
Doctor : Have you experienced any Facial pain?
Patient : I have experienced Facial pain.
Doctor : Have you got Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Exactly, I am having a large mass on my knee. I can't go out due to this. Please help.
Doctor : Alright, I can get your problem. Do you have any Pain in eye recently?
Patient : I do have Pain in eye Doctor.
Doctor : Your symptom suggests that you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 25924
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Delusions or hallucinations most of the times. I am hearing footsteps that no one else hear, help me.
Doctor : This is hard situation to be in. Do you have you suffered from Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is making me feel empty.
Doctor : I can understand what you are feeling. Are you dealing with Depression too?
Patient : I am dealing with Depression too.
Doctor : You have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 1554
Patient : Doctor, I have got Diminished vision.
Doctor : Do you have any Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Ok, Do you have Symptoms of eye?
Patient : I do have Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Swollen eye?
Patient : I have no idea about it doctor. Can you confirm? Swollen eye
Doctor : OK, are you also suffering from Lacrimation?
Patient : True Doctor.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 11802
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Muscle pain. It is making me difficult to move my muscle. Help me.
Doctor : I comprehend your situation. Can you say do you have Back pain too?
Patient : Yes. I have Back pain too. It is causing burning sensation in back.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. Ok, Do you have Ache all over.
Patient : True.
Doctor : Are you also dealing with Low back pain?
Patient : Yes, I am also dealing with Low back pain.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24621
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am having unnecessary Weight gain in my body. It is making me to lose my shape. Help me.
Doctor : I can see how difficult this can be. Can you say are you suffering from Apnea?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You seem to have [MASK]
Dialog id : 22915
Patient : Doctor, I am having Allergic reaction.
Doctor : Ok, tell me,Have you got Skin rash too?
Patient : Have a look at Skin rash and please confirm!
Doctor : Have you Itching of skin.
Patient : Yes. I am feeling Itching of skin. It is troubling me a lot. Some redness and swelling is also there.
Doctor : Itching can have many causes. Have you got Peripheral edema?
Patient : True Doctor. I deal with Peripheral edema.
Doctor : I can get it. Answer me, are you suffering from Nausea?
Patient : I am suffering from Nausea.
Doctor : Ok, do you feel like Vomiting?
Patient : Yes, I felt that too.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19419
Patient : Doctor, I am having Hand or finger swelling. I am very much in trouble because of this. I can't pick up anything because of this.
Doctor : I can feel your pain by reading your words. Are you suffering from Wrist pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Hand or finger pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I do have Wrist or finger pain.
Doctor : Alright, are you suffering from Wrist swelling?
Patient : True, I am dealing with Wrist swelling recently.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 10673
Patient : Hi Doctor, From last few weeks, I feel like Vomiting most of the times.
Doctor : Alright, Have you got Peripheral edema?
Patient : Right, I am suffering from Peripheral edema quite recently. Is it difficult to cure?
Doctor : No, nothing is difficult to cure in today's world. Is there any Leg swelling?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you having cough?
Patient : Yes, I am having Cough.
Doctor : Ok, Are you suffering from Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 18179
Patient : Hi Doctor, Since yesterday, I am dealing with Ankle pain. It is hard to walk with it. Help me.
Doctor : I completely agree with you, can you say are you suffering from Foot or toe pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It hurts me.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 14825
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision. I can't see properly because of it. Why is this happening?
Doctor : It can be troubling contiion. Do you have any Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have.
Doctor : Then you may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 1801
Patient : Hello Doctor, I have trouble with Acne or pimples. They are growing in number. Help me.
Doctor : Thank you for trusting me. I will help you. Nothing serious; you have normal [MASK] issue only.
Dialog id : 5602
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Double vision. It is cauing pain while moving eyes. What's wrong with me.
Doctor : It can be really tough, I get why you are in pain. Can you say, have you got Headache?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is hurting me.
Doctor : I see, I'm going to help you. Have you felt like Dizziness most of times?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Neck pain?
Patient : I have Neck pain Doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel like Vomiting?
Patient : Yes, most of the times.
Doctor : It seems like you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 21061
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Shortness of breath. It is making me difficult to breath. Help me.
Doctor : That must feel suffocating, and hard to live. I will help you. Are you dealing with Nausea too?
Patient : Right, I have trouble with it. It is causing me uncomfortable feeling in back of the throat.
Doctor : What you are feeling is valid,  can you say are you suffering from Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes, I am.
Doctor : Ok,as per the symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4523
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Skin lesion. It is troubling me for the last fortnight. Earlier it was itching but not now. But then redness appeared and swelled a bit also.
Doctor : It seems like you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 15227
Patient : Doctor, I have got Skin lesion. I am unable to go to college because of this.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29197
Patient : Hi Doctor, from last 4 to 5 days, I am suffering from Fever.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Skin rash too?
Patient : I have no idea about that. Please look at Skin rash 
Doctor : I see,Are you dealing with Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes, I am having a terrible looking skin. Everyone is teasing me due to this. Please save me, doctor.
Doctor : I am so sorry for you. I wish you didn't have to go through that. Tell me, do you feel Ache all over?
Patient : True Doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 21822
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Retention of urine. I am unable to urinate and there is pain. Help me out.
Doctor : It can be irritating experience. To begin investigation are you dealing with Impotence too?
Patient : Yes Doctor. 
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Penis pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from it.
Doctor : Do you have any Pain during intercourse?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It seems you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 19252
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am dealing with Decreased appetite. It is cauing to me to feel weak. What's wrong with me.
Doctor : Oh! that sounds terrible. Can you say are you dealing with Anxiety and nervousness too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Then, You are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 7435
Patient : Doctor, I am having Frequent urination. It is causing me to urinate more frequently. Help me.
Doctor : I understand what you are going through. To know more are you suffering from Suprapubic pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Suprapubic pain.
Doctor : Have you got Blood in urine?
Patient : Yes, I have Blood in urine. It is cauing irritation.
Doctor : I realize your difficulties. Are you suffering from Back pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Side pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Side pain too..
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20461
Patient : Doctor, I am having Back pain. It is cauing shooting sensation, help me out.
Doctor : That sounds infuriating. Are you suffering from Hip pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor. Because of it I am feeling discomfort.
Doctor : I hear what you are saying. Have you felt Ache all over?
Patient : True.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 20443
Patient : Doctor, My baby got Fever. Baby is suffering because of it help us.
Doctor : I can feel the pain you feel. Does He or She suffering from Diarrhea?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Your child may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16497
Patient : Good Morning, Doctor. I have been suffering from Skin swelling problem.  Please help me.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Neck swelling too?
Patient : Please take a look at Neck swelling and come to a conclusion!
Doctor : Have you got Groin mass?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Skin rash?
Patient : I don't know doctor! See Skin rash
Doctor : Have you got Arm lump or mass?
Patient : True Doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 22398
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Painful urination. It is hurting me to urinate.
Doctor : I wish you didn't have to go through that. Can you say do you have any Suprapubic pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 27449
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Involuntary urination. It is causing me to urinate often. Help me.
Doctor : I understand what you are feeling, let me help you. I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 23373
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diarrhea. It is cauing me to become dehydrated. Help me.
Doctor : That sounds frustrating. Can you say, have you got Nausea?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is causing uncomfortable feeling in top part of stomach.
Doctor : Ok, Have you got Vomiting?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you suffered from Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : True, I am.
Doctor : Then, You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22841
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am suffering from Shortness of breath. Due to it I am unable to breath properly, help me.
Doctor : I'm sorry to hear this is troubling you. Can you say are you dealing with Rib pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : I have Sharp chest pain Doctor.
Doctor : Alright, are you suffering from Back pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is causing a burning sensation in my back.
Doctor : This is hard situation to be in. Do you feel Ache all over?
Patient : I do feel Doctor.
Doctor : Ok, Are you dealing with Hip pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22592
Patient : Doctor, I feel like Dizziness all through the day. It is making me feel faint throughout day. Help me.
Doctor : I can imagine how you feel. To know more do you have you experienced Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes Doctor. 
Doctor : Have you got Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes. I am unable to feel sensation because of it.
Doctor : Oh! that sounds terrible. Can you say do you have any Fears and phobias on anything?
Patient : I do have Doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 8365
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am suffering from Knee lump or mass. The lump started to grow couple of months ago. I am not getting what it is.
Doctor : Let me proceed with symptom investigation first. Then, I will tell you the diagnosis. Do you have Knee pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Wrist lump or mass?
Patient : True Doctor. I have got Wrist lump or mass. It's also troubling me a lot.
Doctor : If I were you, that would irritate me too. Are you dealing with Hand or finger lump or mass?
Patient : I have no information regarding this! Please look at Hand or finger lump or mass to draw your conclusions.
Doctor : Alright, Do you have Foot or toe pain?
Patient : I do have Foot or toe pain.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8315
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with a Skin lesion. It is very painful. How to cure this doctor?
Doctor : I think you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12674
Patient : Hello Doctor, I think I am having Disturbance of memory. I can't remember events properly. Help me.
Doctor :  I'm here for you and I'll do my best to help you. Alright, You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 23766
Patient : Hi Doc, I feel like Vomiting all through the day. It feels suffocating to me. Help me out.
Doctor : I hear what you are saying. For clarity, are you dealing with Skin rash?
Patient : Yes Doc.
Doctor : Have you got Fever?
Patient : Yes. Since yesterday.  It is making me feel very uncomfortable.
Doctor : That must be painful.  Are you suffering from Fluid retention?
Patient : Yes Doc, I am suffering from Fluid retention.
Doctor : Alright, Are you dealing with Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with it. 
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14228
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Difficulty in swallowing. It is causing me trouble while eating. What's wrong with me.
Doctor : No wonder you are in troublesome condition. Can you comment, do you feel like Dizziness?
Patient : I do Doctor. It is making me feel unsteady.
Doctor : Have you got any Emotional symptoms?
Patient : Right Doctor.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 26790
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Allergic reaction. It is making my life difficult. Help me.
Doctor : Its is tough to be in such spot. For clarity, have you noticed Weight gain?
Patient : Exactly Doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 6236
Patient : Doctor, I am having Depressive or psychotic symptoms. Because of it I am feeling less energy and empty from inside. Help me.
Doctor : I understand what you going through. For proper understanding, are you dealing with Nausea?
Patient : I am dealing with Nausea Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : I do have Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Diarrhea too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.  It is making me dehydrated.
Doctor : I can feel the suffering. Do you feel Thirst?
Patient : Yes, I do feel it.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 21028
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Hot flashes. Because of it I am feeling sudden warm in face and neck. Help me.
Doctor : This is so hard to be in. Can you say have you experienced Vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 22412
Patient : Doctor, Nowadays, I feel like Weakness. It is causing trouble in everyday activities. Help me.
Doctor : I'm on your side. For understanding have you felt like Vomiting?
Patient : I do Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : I do have Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Decreased appetite?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is making me less energetic.
Doctor : I agree what you are saying. Ok, Are you dealing with Frequent urination?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 5880
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Acne or pimples on my face. I can not go outside because of it. I feel very disturbed because of it.

Doctor : I understand your concern. But, it is a common issue among a wide range of people. You do not worry about this that much. Let me know. Are you dealing with Skin rash too?

Patient : Not sure. Please check, Skin rash. 
Doctor : I see you have rashes on both cheeks. Have you got Skin moles?
Patient : You are totally correct, doctor.
Doctor : Let me check.Are you suffering from Warts ?
Patient : I don't know about this! Look at Warts.

Doctor : Then, You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 4163
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision. I can't see properly because of it. Help me.
Doctor : I wish you didn't had to go through this. So you might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2504
Patient : Hi Doctor, I think i am suffering from Blindness. It is making lose the colours of my life. Help me.
Doctor : You are in tough spot. I will help you, Can you say, have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : I have Doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that yoiu have [MASK]
Dialog id : 25173
Patient : Doctor, I felt like Dizziness all through the day. It is making me feel unsteady. Help me.
Doctor : I comprehend your condition. Can you say are you suffering from Leg pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am unable to walk properly because of it.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Diminished hearing?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Diminished hearing.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 17912
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Weight gain. It is making me lose my shape. Help me.
Doctor : That sounds frustrating. Well, you may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 18051
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am dealing with Joint stiffness or tightness. It is making me difficult to move properly. Help me.
Doctor :  I am sad to know that you are having difficulty. Can you comment do you have any problems regarding Involuntary urination?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Vulvar sore?
Patient : I am dealing with Vulvar sore Doctor.
Doctor : Alright, your may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 29717
Patient : Doctor. I am having Muscle pain. Because of it I am unable to move my muscles. What's reason behind this?
Doctor : I agree with you that it causes difficulty. Can you speak, do you have Cough?
Patient : I do have Cough. It is causing irritation.
Doctor : Are you Feeling ill?
Patient : I am Feeling ill Doctor.
Doctor : Ok. You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 11462
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Skin lesion. What is the diagnosis?
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 739
Patient : Doctor, I am having trouble with Diminished hearing. I am avoiding socila setting because of it.
Doctor : That must have made you feel lonely. I'm here for you. Can you say, do you have any Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : I do have Doctor. It is making me lose interest in everything.
Doctor : I understand what you are feeling. Are you suffering from Side pain too?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Side pain.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 3659
Patient : Doctor, I am Feeling ill. Can you tell me the reason of it? Because of it I am feeling heavy.
Doctor : You're making total sense. I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 2674
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Anxiety and nervousness. It is making me feel tensed in every situation. Help me.
Doctor : You are in lot of tension. I will help you. Can you say have you gone through Seizures?
Patient : Yes, Sometimes. It causes me temporary confusion.
Doctor : That must be annoying. Are you dealing with Depression?
Patient : I am dealing with Depression Doctor.
Doctor : Ok, Are you suffering from heavy Sweating?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have any Allergic reaction in your body?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : I have noticed that too Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Fainting?
Patient : Yes, I have been suffering from Fainting.
Doctor : It seems like you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 29020
Patient : Doctor, I am having some issue. Please look at Neck swelling
Doctor : Let me check. Do you have Skin swelling too?
Patient : I do have Skin swelling issue.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Groin mass?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Skin rash?
Patient : I cannot comment on this. Please observe this Skin rash and come to a conclusion please.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Skin lesion too?
Patient : True Doctor. I have Skin lesion. Actually I am suffering from multiple problems.
Doctor : I so sorry to hear that. I wish you didn't have to go through that. Have you got Headache?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Arm lump or mass?
Patient : Yes,I am suffering from Arm lump or mass.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 5557
Patient : Doctor, i have got Difficulty in swallowing. I am unable to eat properly because of it. Help me.
Doctor : That must have made you feel irritated. To know its cause can you say, have you ever felt like Excessive appetite?
Patient : Yes, more often Doctor. I tend to eat a lot.
Doctor : I get what you are saying. Are you suffering from Hip stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Hip stiffness or tightness.
Doctor : Based on your symptoms, You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 24201
Patient : Hello Doctor, I am having trouble with Shortness of breath. I feel I am out of breath. Help me.
Doctor : I can see how difficult this can be.Can you say, have you ever felt Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It makes me feel tensed.
Doctor : I'm here for you. Are you suffering from Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Ok, Are you dealing with Headache?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with headache.
Doctor : Do you have any problem regarding Insomnia?
Patient : I have got Insomnia Doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 17797
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am dealing with Loss of sensation. It makes me feel numb. Why is this happening?
Doctor : I realize your situation. Can you comment are you suffering from Leg pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have. It makes me difficult to navigate.
Doctor : It is painful to have such a problem. Do you have Back pain?
Patient : True Doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 8893
Patient : Doctor, please take a look at Swollen eye
Doctor : Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Eye redness?
Patient : Take a look at it and confirm! Eye redness
Doctor : Ok, Do you have Foot or toe pain?
Patient : I do have Foot or toe pain.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 6807
Patient : Doctor, I have got Depressive or psychotic symptoms. It is making me feel sad continously. Save me.
Doctor : That sounds scary. I am here for you. Are you dealing with Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is making me lose my confidence.
Doctor : I understand what you are saying. Ok, Have you got Headache?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : OK, have you ever experienced Irregular heartbeat?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 12084
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Allergic reaction. It is making me feel annoyed. Help me.
Doctor : I understand hat you are feeling. Can you say, have you gone through Seizures?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is causing me loss of awareness.
Doctor : I'm here for you. Are you dealing with Depression?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : Have you got Sweating too?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Anxiety and nervousness too?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with it.
Doctor : Have you got Cough?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Focal weakness?
Patient : I have Doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 8101
Patient : Doctor, I have got Fever. My body temperature is very high due to it.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. Can you speak are you suffering from Sore throat?
Patient : Yes, I am Doctor. I am unable to speak properly because of it.
Doctor : I get you. Do you have Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : I do have Shoulder cramps or spasms.
Doctor : Alright, Do you have Ankle pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 12178
Patient : Doctor, have a look at this Eye redness
Doctor : Ok, Do you have any Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I do have.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 3423
Patient : Hi Doctor, I have got Symptoms of eye. It is causing itching.
Doctor : I hear what you say. You may be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 4610
Patient : Hello Doctor, I am dealing with Nausea. I am feeling uneasy in upper part of stomach. Help me.
Doctor : I'm on your side, I will tryto find its cause. Can you say, are you dealing with the condition of Abusing alcohol?
Patient : Yes, I have been suffering from Abusing alcohol. I drink it too much.
Doctor : I got it. Tell me, are you suffering from Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : I am dealing with Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Are you also suffering from Fainting?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 9499
Patient : Doctor, I am having Ache all over my body. It is making me difficult to move my body. Help me.
Doctor : That sounds little frightening. To know more, do you have Leg pain?
Patient : I do have Leg pain. I cannot walk properly because of it.
Doctor : Its hard to live with it. Are you also suffering from Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I thinlk you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 22582
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Hip pain. It has reduced my range of motion. Why is this happening?
Doctor : Oh! that sounds terrible. To know more, do you have Groin pain too?
Patient : I do have Groin pain Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Back pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is like burning sensation in my back.
Doctor : I hear what you are saying. Do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have any Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes, I have.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 6230
Patient : Hi Doc, nowadays, I feel like Vomiting. I feel uneasy due to it.
Doctor : What you are feeling is valid, I will find its reason. For clarity can you tell, do you have any Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Shortness of breath. I feel like I am out of breath.
Doctor : That sounds like too much. Do you feel like Nausea? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you experienced Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes,I have experienced that too.
Doctor : Have you got Kidney mass?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Then, you may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 8102
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Infertility. It is making my life difficult. Help me.
Doctor : I think you are right. I will do my best. Well, You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 24173
Patient : Doctor, I have got Neck pain. I cannot turn my neck easily. Help.
Doctor : I'm sorry to hear this is troubling you. Can you say do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Then, you might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 24284
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Foot or toe pain. It hurts whenever I touches ground, please help.
Doctor : That must be painful. For clarity, do you have any Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I cannot go for a walk.
Doctor : That must be disappointing. Ok, Do you have Feet turned in ?
Patient : Yes, I have Feet turned in.
Doctor : You may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 16584
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision. I cannot see properly.
Doctor : I hear what you say. So you may be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 6396
Patient : Doctor, I have got Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Ok, Do you have Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Nausea?
Patient : I am dealing with Nausea.
Doctor : Ok, Are you Suffering from Hand or finger swelling?
Patient : True, I have got Hand or finger swelling.
Doctor : You may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 28915
Patient : Hi Doctor, take a look at Eye redness
Doctor : Let me check, Do you have Mass on eyelid?
Patient : Yes. I observed that a mass like substance is growing on my eyelid. I am very much worried.
Doctor : I understand what you just mentioned. I suggest you to maintain a clean eye. And wear sunglasses to protect your eyes from sunlight and dirt. Please tell, have you got Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Swollen eye?
Patient : Please view Swollen eye
Doctor : Have you got Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : I am confused a little. Look at it please! Eyelid lesion or rash
Doctor : You may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 24413
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Nausea. It is making me feel uncomfortable in the back of throat, please help. 
Doctor : That can be disturbing, I'll try to know its reason. Can you tell do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am feeling tightness in chest.
Doctor : That sounds really tough. Are you dealing with Groin pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Vaginal pain?
Patient : I do have Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Excessive growth?
Patient : Yes, I noticed that.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Neck cramps or spasms?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 6061
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision.
Doctor : OK, do you have any Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright,Have you noticed Eye redness? 
Patient : Please take a look at Eye redness and express your views.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : OK, have you ever noticed White discharge from eye?
Patient : True, I have got White discharge from eye.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 7081
Patient : Hi Doctor, I'm dealing with Excessive appetite. I think of food every time, help me.
Doctor : I know what you are feeling. Alright, do you have any difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I cannot eat food properly.
Doctor : It must be painful experience. Can you tell are you dealing with Frequent urination? 
Patient : Yes doctor, I am dealing with Frequent urination.
Doctor : Do you have any problem with Dizziness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you may be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 26251
Patient : Hi doctor, my baby boy is dealing with Nasal congestion. Nowadays, his sleep is disturbed because of it. I am extremely worried about him. Please help.
Doctor : I understand your concern. As a parent, it is hard to see our children suffering. His stuffy nose condition might be irritating him. Let me ask you a few more questions about his health to get better idea of his symptoms. Is he dealing with Diarrhea too?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Is he suffering from Skin rash?
Patient : Look at this Skin rash
Doctor : Let me check, it is rash. Is there any Skin swelling?
Patient : So true, doctor. I have been suffering from Skin swelling.
Doctor : His symptoms indicate that he is dealing with [MASK]
Dialog id : 4718
Patient : Doctor, I have got Headache. I feel so heavy through day, help me.
Doctor : That sounds little frightening. To know its reason can you comment, are you dealing with Back pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is like stabbing sensation.
Doctor : It sure is troublesome condition. Do you feel like Ache all over?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Shoulder pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have Shoulder pain too.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Knee pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 23132
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Low back pain. I cannot bend my body to pick objects, help me.
Doctor : No wonder you are such tough condition. For understanding, do you have Back pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Back pain too. It is like burning sensation.
Doctor : I hear what you are saying. Are you dealing with Neck pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 23124
Patient : Hey doctor, I am noticing Sharp abdominals pain.
Doctor : OK, have you ever noticed Penile discharge?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Painful urination?
Patient : Yes doctor, I am dealing with Painful urination.
Doctor : alright, are you dealing Itching of skin too?
Patient : Yeah, I am dealing with a lot of Itching of skin recently.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 21456
Patient : Doctor, I have got Abnormal movement of eyelid.
Doctor : Ok, Are you dealing with Lacrimation?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I do have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Alright, Have you got Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : I don't know. Can you tell me? Eyelid lesion or rash
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 1179
Patient : Doctor, I am having Cough.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Take a look at Skin rash
Doctor : Do you have any Allergic reaction in your body?
Patient : Yes doctor, I have allergic reaction.
Doctor : Are you dealing with peripheral edema?
Patient : Yes, I am having that. I am very much concerned about this doctor.
Doctor : Please don't worry about this. This can have a bad impact on your health. Have you ever noticed Swollen eye?
Patient : I can't say anything about it. Can you take a look at Swollen eye and tell me?
Doctor : Alright, your symptoms indicate that you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 21332
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with a lot of Itching of skin lately. It is very much frustrating for me. In meetings, I always have to face uncomfortable situations due to this.
Doctor : I can feel that frustration of yours. I would have also felt the same thing. First, tell me, have you noticed Skin rash on your skin?
Patient : I am confused. Please tell! Skin rash
Doctor : Alright, you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 5171
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Excessive urination at night. It is causing me disturbance in my sleep. Help me.
Doctor : That must have made you feel restless. To know more, have you got Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Wrist pain. I cannot pick objects properly.
Doctor : You are right. Have you ever felt Fatigue?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 18771
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Depression. I feel sad most of time. Help me.
Doctor : Ok, Have you ever noticed Weight gain in your body?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 3904
Patient : Hello doctor, Can you tell me what is wrong with me? Take a look at Mouth ulcer
Doctor : Are you dealing with Skin rash?if yes then show me.
Patient : Take a look Skin rash
Doctor : Ok, have you got Fever too?
Patient : Yes I have got Fever too.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Coryza?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you ever felt vomiting?
Patient : Yes, I felt that too.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 19764
Patient : Doctor, I have got Disturbance of memory. I feel I cannot remember properly, help me.
Doctor : Sure I'll help and it can be troubling to have such problem. To know more do you have any Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes. I feel hopeless.
Doctor : I'm on your side. Are you dealing with Depression too?
Patient : Yes doctor. I am dealing with Depression too.
Doctor : Ok, Do you have Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes doctor.  
Doctor : You may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 22393
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Depressive or psychotic symptoms. It is making me feel thoughts of dying. Help me.
Doctor : I'm am here for you. I will find its cause. For proper understanding are you dealing with Headache?
Patient : Yes doctor. It makes me feel heavy.
Doctor : Wow that must be painful. Have you got Nausea? 
Patient : Yes I have got Nausea.
Doctor : OK, have you ever felt Fainting?
Patient : Yes doctor I felt that too.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 11859
Patient : Doctor, I am having Back pain. It is causing me a stabbing sensation, please help.
Doctor : That must be painful experience. Can you tell, do you have any Depressive or psychotic symptoms? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 8148
Patient : Doctor, I am having Fatigue. I feel like loss of energy, help me.
Doctor : It can difficult to live with it. I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 17832
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Excessive anger. It is disturbing my relationships.
Doctor : Do you have Facial pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Facial pain.
Doctor : Do you have any Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : OK, are you dealing with Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Correct doctor. I am having a.Knee lump or mass.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 29003
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Chest tightness. It is like crushing pain in chest, help me.
Doctor : Thank you for trusting me, I will help you. Are you dealing with Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes , I do have Sharp chest pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Headache?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is ruining my life.
Doctor : I feel your condition. Do you have any Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes, I do have Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Insomnia?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Shortness of breath?
Patient : I do have Shortness of breath.
Doctor : Then you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 18019
Patient : Doctor, my son have got Difficulty speaking. He is losing confidence, please help.
Doctor : I understand what you are going through. Can you say, Is he dealing with Weakness?
Patient : Yes Doctor. He doesn't have energy to do daily work.
Doctor : I'm here for your son. Is he dealing with Leg weakness too?
Patient : Yes Doctor, He is dealing with Leg weakness too.
Doctor : Is there any Muscle Weakness?
Patient : Yes Doctor, My son have Muscle weakness too.
Doctor : I think he is suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 27002
Patient : Doctor, I think I have got Pelvic  pain. It is hurting me.
Doctor : I hear what you say. You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 27871
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Paresthesia.
Doctor : Do you have any Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Eye redness?
Patient : See Eye redness
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Swollen eye?
Patient : I am a little confused. Please look Swollen eye
Doctor : Are you dealing with Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Diminished vision.
Doctor : Have you got Mass on eyelid?
Patient : Yeah, I am having that. 
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 22277
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Lacrimation.
Doctor : Have you got Eye redness?
Patient : Can you tell me? I don't really know! Eye redness
Doctor : Are you suffering from Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have any Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Nasal congestion?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 1928
Patient : Doctor, I have got Spots or clouds in vision.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Lacrimation?
Patient : I am Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Eye redness?
Patient : I can't comment on this. Please take a look at Eye redness
Doctor : Are you suffering from Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor. 
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 16510
Patient : Doctor, I am having Loss of sensation. It is making me feel numb, help me.
Doctor : It can cause harm to your body. I will try to know its reason. Are you dealing with Headache?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It feels like my head is about to burst.
Doctor : That seems scary. Are you dealing with Seizures?
Patient : I am dealing with Seizures.
Doctor : Have you felt Dizziness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : I do have Leg pain.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 8554
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Knee stiffness or tightness. It hurts to move it, why is this happening?
Doctor : It can be a tough experience to have such a problem. Can you say, have you got Knee pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is making me difficult to move through stairs.
Doctor : I feel your suffering. Are you dealing with Knee weakness?
Patient : I am dealing with Knee weakness.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 1127
Patient : Doctor,I have Foreign body sensation in eye. It is making me feel uneasy, help me.
Doctor : You feel like you are bad condition. I will find its reason. Ok, are you dealing with Lacrimation?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye. It is hurting me.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Diminished vision?
Patient : I do have Diminished vision Doctor.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 15701
Patient : Hi Doctor, Can you tell me the problem I have? Look at Eye redness
Doctor : Alright, Have you got any Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got any Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : Yes.  
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9761
Patient : Doctor, I have got Eye burns or stings.
Doctor : Ok, Have you got Eye redness?
Patient : Please look at Eye redness
Doctor : Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : I do have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Lacrimation?
Patient : Yes Doctor. 
Doctor : Alright, Do you have Nasal congestion?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 16142
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Depression. It is making me feel restless, help me.
Doctor : You are feeling so trapped. I am here to help you, can you say are you also suffering from Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 1628
Patient : Hi Doctor,I have got Anxiety and nervousness. It makes me feel stressful in every situation. Why is this happening?
Doctor : That should have felt disappointing. To know about it can you say, do you have any Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Then you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 2652
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got acne or pimple.
Doctor : OK, are you dealing with skin rash?
Patient : Please take a look at Skin rash and confirm.
Doctor : OK have you ever noticed skin on leg or foot looks infected?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 19071
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Sharp abdominal pain. It hurts in central part of my body, help me out.
Doctor : It surely is a terrible pain. Can you tell, are you suffering from Painful urination?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It hurts me.
Doctor : I understand you. Do you have Suprapubic pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Suprapubic pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Lower abdominal pain too?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 28211
Patient : Doctor, I am having Cough. It is causing havoc, please help.
Doctor : I understand how you feel about it, can you say do you have Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I want to scratch it more.
Doctor : It can be irritating experience. Do you have any Pain in eye?
Patient : I do have Pain in eye Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 27192
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Vomiting. It is making me feel suffocated, help me.
Doctor : That sounds really disgusted. I want to know are you suffering from Nausea ?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It makes me feel uncomfortable back of throat.
Doctor : I understand what you are feeling. Have you ever noticed Frontal headache ?
Patient : Yes. 
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 8327
Patient : Doctor, I have got Symptoms of eye.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Eye redness?
Patient : I don't have much idea about it. Can you please confirm? Eye redness
Doctor : Do you have any Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : Please look at Eyelid lesion or rash
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 3339
Patient : Doctor, I think I have some issues I think. Please see and confirm. Skin rash
Doctor : Let me check, Do you have Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from severe skin itching. Is it an allergy? I am very much concerned about this. 
Doctor : I would have felt the same. Let me proceed with the symptom investigation. Have you ever noticed Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : I have noticed that too doctor.
Doctor : You may have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 21679
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Lacrimation.
Doctor : Do you have Eye redness?
Patient : Please take a look at Eye redness
Doctor : Ok, Are you dealing with Swollen eye?
Patient : See this please! Swollen eye
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 22052
Patient : Hi doctor! Can you please look at? Neck swelling
Doctor : Ok, have you ever noticed Skin swelling in your body too?
Patient : You are totally correct. I have got Skin swelling.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Groin mass?
Patient : Yes doctor, I am dealing with Groin mass.
Doctor : Have you felt Headache?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Arm lump or mass?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Itchy eyelid?
Patient : Yes, I have got Itchy eyelid.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 10568
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Frequent urination. I am unable to focus on day to day activities in life, help me.
Doctor : That sounds digusting, I will help you. Can you say, do you have any Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Yes doctor, I do have Difficulty in swallowing. I am unable to eat properly.
Doctor : I realize your condition.  Are you dealing with Dizziness all through the day?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 3286
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Muscle pain. It is painful when I try to move it. Please help.
Doctor : It can be so hard, To know more can you tell have you felt Headache?
Patient : Yes doctor. It feels like my head is about to burst.
Doctor : I can see how difficult can it be. Are you dealing with Arm pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have hip pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have Hip pain too.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8669
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Painful urination. It is causing irritation, help me.
Doctor : I can comprehend your situation. Do you have any Pain in testicles?
Patient : Yes doctor, I do have Pain in testicles. It is annoying.
Doctor : That sounds little frightening. Ok, have you ever noticed Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Yes,I noticed that too.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 4744
Patient : Hello doctor, I don't feel good. Please take a look at Skin rash
Doctor : Alright, have you got Fever?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed any Problems during pregnancy?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 17144
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Allergic reaction. It is causing me feel uneasy, help me.
Doctor : I understand how frustrating can it be. Can you say, have you ever felt Fatigue?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 22281
Patient : Hi doctor, I think I have got Fluid retention.
Doctor : Do you have any Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Nausea?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Nausea.
Doctor : have you ever noticed any Difficulty breathing?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Hand or finger swelling?
Patient : Correct, recently I am experiencing Hand or finger swelling quite recently.
Doctor : It seems like you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 2217
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Hip pain. It is causing uncomfortable feeling in thigh. Help me.
Doctor : It makes total sense you need help in this. Can you say, do you have Groin pain too?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : You may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 27237
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with an irregular appearing scalp. How to cure this doctor? I am feeling ashamed to go to the office like this since a week.
Doctor : I can understand the feeling which you are going through. The irregular appearing scalp can be due to various ailments. Let me do a quick symptom investigation. Have you got abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Right doctor, I have an abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : I am sorry to hear that. Are you dealing with skin lesion?
Patient : Yes. I am dealing with a skin lesion.
Doctor : Alright, have you ever noticed skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : I can't comment much about it. Please help me find out if there is something wrong! Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 24045
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Ear pain. It is annoying me, help.
Doctor : It is totally natural that you would feel this way. Can you say, have you got Diminished hearing?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 26070
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Dizziness. It is making me feel faint, help.
Doctor : I get what you are going through. Can you say do you have any Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes doctor, I do have Depressive or psychotic symptoms. It makes me feel like dying.
Doctor : I hear what you are saying. Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicates that you may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 22614
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Side pain. I cannot sit properly because of it. Help me.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. Can you say, are you dealing with Dizziness?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 6848
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain or soreness of breast. It is hurting me, help.
Doctor : Ok, I think I realize what you are going through. I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 10903
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Sore throat. I have difficulty in speaking, help me.
Doctor : That sounds really tough, To know its reason can you say, do you have Fever?
Patient : Yes doctor, I have got Fever. I feel so uncomfortable because of it.
Doctor : You must be in painful state, I realize your pain. Then are you dealing with Shoulder cramps or spasms? 
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist pain?
Patient : Yes doctor, I have Wrist pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Excessive anger?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Alright, have you ever experienced Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Yes doctor, I have experienced that too.
Doctor : Do you have pain in eye?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicates that you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 7467
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I am having frequent thoughts of dying. Help me.
Doctor : I'm glad that you contacted me about it. I will help you. Can you say, are you dealing with Depression too?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 18754
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Diminished vision.  It is taking away colours of my life. Help me.
Doctor : That should have made you worry, I will take you out of it. Alright, are you dealing with Spots or clouds in vision too?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 18134
Patient : Hello doctor I'm suffering from Sharp abdominal pain. It is like severe sensation. Help me.
Doctor : I'm on your side. Let's get out this condition. Can you say are you dealing with Penile discharge?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Vaginal discharge?
Patient : Yes doctor, I noticed that too.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 7026
Patient : Hello doctor, please look at Skin rash
Doctor : It seems like you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 13054
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from Lacrimation.
Doctor : Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Nasal congestion?
Patient : Yes doctor, I am suffering from Nasal congestion.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Swollen eye?
Patient : I am confused can you help me with it! Swollen eye
Doctor : Are you dealing with Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Diminished vision.
Doctor : Are you having Cough?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : You may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 4148
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision. I can't see objects properly. Help me.
Doctor : It must have made your life difficult. I am here to move you out of this phase. Do you have any issuees regarding Lacrimation?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 17813
Patient : Doctor, I have got Ache all over. It hurts whenever I try to move my body. Help me.
Doctor : I'm here to help you move out of it. Can you say, have you got Back pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Neck pain?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Neck pain. It irritates me when I try to read something.
Doctor : I can realize what you are going through. Are you dealing with Headache?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Shoulder pain?
Patient : Yes, I do have Shoulder pain.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 5830
Patient : Doctor, I have got Diminished vision. I can't see properly. Help me.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 8497
Patient : Doctor, I have got Diminished vision. It is taking away colours of my life. Help me.
Doctor : I agree with what you are saying. Can you say are you dealing with Headache?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It feels like my head is about to burst.
Doctor : Do you have Neck pain?
Patient : I do have Neck pain Doctor.
Doctor : Are you having Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Arm pain too Doctor.
Doctor : As per your symptoms, you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 22265
Patient : Hi Doctor, take a look and tell me if there is something wrong Foot or toe swelling
Doctor : Alright, Are you dealing with Sweating?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have serious issues with Sweating.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes Doctor,.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 1320
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Hand or finger paain. It makes me difficult to hold objects. Help me.
Doctor : I realize how difficult can your day to day activities can become. Can you say are you dealing with Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 14971
Patient : Doctor, I have got Depressive or psychotic symptoms. It makes me feel so sad about life. Help me.
Doctor : That sounds you are trapped, let me help you. Can you say, are you dealing with Depression?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It makes me feel hopeless.
Doctor : I comprehend your condition. Have you ever noticed your Hostile behavior?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Delusions or hallucinations?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 449
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Blindness. It makes me lose colours of my life.
Doctor : Sure it can be troubling experience. Do you have Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 16141
Patient : Hello doctor,I have problem with Sweating. It is causing shirt and trousers get soaked with sweat.
Doctor : I understand what you are saying. You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 16664
Patient : Doctor, take a look at Skin rash and tell me if there is something wrong?
Doctor : Have you got Fever?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Do you ever notice Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with a Ache all over?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Cough?
Patient : Yes doctor, I am dealing with Cough.
Doctor : Do you have any Problems during pregnancy?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 26294
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision. It is taking away colours of my life.
Doctor : You are making total sense. You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 25339
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Vaginal Itching. It is irritating me.
Doctor : That must have annoyed you.  Are you suffering from Penile discharge?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Vaginal discharge?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Painful urination?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Frequent urination too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever felt Penis pain?
Patient : Yes, I have felt Penis pain.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 9781
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Shoulder pain.
Doctor : Do you have Wrist pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Alright, are you dealing with Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Wrist swelling?
Patient : Yeah, I am having very bad Wrist swelling. Can you please cure this fast? I am going to a party day after tomorrow, I have to look good.
Doctor : If that ever happened to me, I would also feel the same. But sadly, I can't guarantee your treatment. Do you have Arm pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have Arm pain too.
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 29862
Patient : Doctor, please help me find out what is wrong! Skin rash
Doctor : Ok, have you got Fever?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have got Fever.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : I noticed that too Doctor. I am noticing Abnormal appearing skin. Small bumps appeared all over my body with redness in the bumps.
Doctor : Alright, have you got Ache all over? And how long the bumps appeared? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 16281
Patient : Doctor, i am dealing with Decreased heart rate. It is making me feel uneasy.
Doctor : That must be irritating experience. Have you got Shoulder pain too? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Then you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 25196
Patient : Doctor, I have got a Skin lesion. I am very much terrified of this. This has never happened to me before. Please save me. 
Doctor : That is something I have struggled with too. But, don't take any tension. It is curable. Answer me, have you ever noticed Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I have noticed Abnormal appearing skin.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 29146
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Leg pain. It doesn't allow me to walk.
Doctor : It can make walking on road difficult. Do you have Leg weakness? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Loss of sensation?
Patient : I do Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Dizziness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 15428
Patient : Doctor, I have got Vaginal bleeding after menopause. It is kind of painful experience.
Doctor : I will help you to move out of it. I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 27656
Patient : Hello Doctor, I have got Vaginal bleeding after menopause. I am feeling annoyed by it.
Doctor : Ok, Are you dealing with Hot flashes?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 2381
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Involuntary urination. Urge is coming even when I am doing important work.
Doctor : Your Symptoms indicate that you may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 17082
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain in eye.
Doctor : Ok, Do you have Eye redness?
Patient : I don't know. Please take a look at Eye redness
Doctor : You might have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 14241
Patient : Doctor, I have got Symptoms of eye. It causes me itching.
Doctor : It sure sounds difficult, I will help you. Ok,Do you have Knee pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Ankle pain too?
Patient : Yes, I do have Ankle pain too.
Doctor : Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes. My day to day navigation has become difficult.
Doctor : I think you are lot of pain. Are you dealing with Cramps and spasms?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 14533
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Skin swelling issue.
Doctor : Ok, Are you dealing with Groin mass too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes,I have noticed that doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Arm swelling?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am suffering from Arm swelling. It is giving me a lot of pain.
Doctor : Alright, It's very painful to listen that you can not use your hand properly. Are you suffering from Skin lesion too?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Skin lesion also.
Doctor : Oh, so sad. Have you got Headache?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Arm lump or mass?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with Arm lump or mass.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 4355
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Shortness of breath.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Skin rash?
Patient : I don't know. Help me please! Skin rash
Doctor : Are you suffering from Peripheral edema?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am suffering from Peripheral edema. I am tensed what causing this edema.
Doctor : OK, don't take much tension as I think that your case is curable. Have you got Lip swelling?
Patient : Take a look at Lip swelling
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 20764
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Fatigue. I feel lack of energy I can't get up in morning.
Doctor : I understand what you are feeling. You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 2662
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain or soreness of breast.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with that.
Doctor : Do you have Knee lump or mass?
Patient : I do have Knee lump or mass, doctor. What's the diagnosis?
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 29946
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Knee pain. I cannot walk properly because of it.
Doctor : I realize what you are going through. I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 11516
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shoulder pain. I cannot play cricket because of it.
Doctor : I'm sorry to hear this is troubling you. Are you suffering from Neck pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 11872
Patient : Doctor, I have Pain in eye. It is causing itching.
Doctor : No wonder you are irritated. I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 5296
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Excessive urination at night. I can't sleep properly because of it.
Doctor : That sound really tough to have sleepless night. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Ankle pain?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with that.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 23689
Patient : Doctor, I have got Sharp abdominal pain. It is like bursting experience.
Doctor : I wish you didn't have to go through abdomen pain. Are you dealing with Pelvic pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Painful menstruation?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 349
Patient : Doctor, I have got Ankle pain. I can't go for a walk. 
Doctor :  I can feel how difficult life can be without walking. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you got Facial pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I can't eat properly because of it.
Doctor : I think I get you. Do you have Wrist pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have Wrist pain too Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with that.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 9351
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision. It is making me lose colours of life, help me.
Doctor : I will help you. Alright, I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 19002
Patient : Doctor, I have got Fluid retention.
Doctor : Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I can't comment on this. Please help me to come to a conclusion Skin rash
Doctor : Are you dealing with Allergic reaction?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with that.
Doctor : Have you got Cough?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Swollen tongue?
Patient : Right Doctor, I have Swollen tongue. I never thought about that.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 15670
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Loss of sensation. I am feeling numbness in my body, help me.
Doctor : I realize it can put you in dangerous position. Do you have Headache?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I do have headache.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Focal weakness?
Patient : Yes . 
Doctor : Are you dealing with Vomiting?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with Vomiting.
Doctor : Do you have Difficulty speaking?
Patient : Yes Doctor. It is making me lose confidence.
Doctor : It can difficult to be in such condition. Do you have any Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Muscle stiffness or tightness?
Patient : I have noticed that too Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 22970
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Warts. I don't know what causing it. The Warts mostly appeared on my face and hence I am bothered about my look also. Please help me to remove these Warts.
Doctor : I am understanding your concern. Please tell, how long you have observed these? Have you ever noticed Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I have Abnormal appearing skin. It is troubling me since last four months.
Doctor : Psychologically it is painful, I understand that. Are you dealing with Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes. I am dealing with Skin lesion.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : I am not sure about it. Please confirm about it Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness
Doctor : I have got you. Have you ever noticed Skin moles?
Patient : Yes, I have got Skin moles also. It is deteriorating my external look.
Doctor : Then, are you dealing Itching of skin? What is your feeling?
Patient : Right doctor. This itching sensation irked me a lot.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 391
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Ear pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Diminished hearing?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Redness in ear?
Patient : I am confused about it. I don't know. Take a look Redness in ear
Doctor : Are you dealing with Dizziness too?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Dizziness too.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 22162
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with a Skin lesion. It is very painful. I can't sleep at night due to this. Please give me relief doctor. 
Doctor : I feel the pain through your words. A skin lesion is a very common symptom. Let me proceed with the symptom investigation. Have you ever noticed Weight gain?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have noticed that.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 10159
Patient : Doctor, I am panicking. There is something wrong with me. Please take a look at Knee swelling
Doctor : Do you have Knee pain?
Patient : Yes, I have Knee pain.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain too?
Patient : Yes, I do have Leg pain too.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Knee stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have any Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I do have Problems with movement.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 1840
Patient : Doctor, I have got Sharp abdominal pain. I feel like someone is stabbing me. It's hard to endure. I am having a hard time because of it. Please help me.
Doctor : It is hard to have such bursting experience. Are you dealing with Shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : I have noticed that doctor.
Doctor : Do you have any Joint stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Pain in eye too?
Patient : Yes, I do have Pain in eye.
Doctor : As per your symptoms, it looks like you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 5739
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am dealing with Vaginal bleeding after menopause. It is causing irritation.
Doctor : I realize your troubles. You might have [MASK] 
Dialog id : 5177
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Anxiety and nervousness. I am losing my confidence to deal with different situations, help me.
Doctor : I will help you move out of feeling tensed.  Have you ever noticed any Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 2227
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Dizziness. It is making me feel shaky, help me.
Doctor : That you are feeling is valid, let's find its cause. Have you got Headache ? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 16482
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Painful urination. It is making me heavily irritated.
Doctor : I comprehend the pain you are going through. Have you ever noticed Penile discharge?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Vaginal discharge?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you feel Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 3002
Patient : Hi Doctor, my child is dealing with Irritable infant. It is making him difficult to raise, help me.
Doctor : That should have hurt you.  Is there anything like Nasal congestion? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Your child might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 15367
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Shortness of breath. It seems I am out of breath even when I am sitting.
Doctor : I get what you are feeling. Are you dealing with Fatigue too? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever felt Weakness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 24652
Patient : Docctor, I am dealing with Shoulder pain. I can't use it properly anymore, help me.
Doctor : I realize your everday life has become difficult. You might have [MASK] 
Dialog id : 26681
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Excessive growth. It is beyond normal, help me.
Doctor : Yes I will help you to full of my extent. Are you dealing with Involuntary urination too? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 2076
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with a Skin lesion. What's the diagnosis? 
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19000
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Vaginal bleeding after menopause. It is causing me irritation, save me.
Doctor : I'm here for you I will do my best. Alright, Have you ever noticed Vaginal discharge?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23316
Patient : Hi doctor, I have got Pain or soreness of breast. It is annoying me, help me.
Doctor : I understand that it might have been quite uncomfortable for you to deal with it. But, to get to know its cause in detail, let me proceed with the investigation. Are you suffering from Weight gain?

Patient : So, true. For the past three months, I have been suffering from Weight gain, especially in body folds parts. Consequently, I am having problems with walking and breathing.
Doctor : Weight gain makes life difficult. I wish you didn't have to go through that. Tell me, have you got Acne or pimples?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Apnea?
Patient : Right.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 12345
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Eye redness too?
Patient : I am not sure about it. Please take a look at Eye redness and tell me what is wrong!
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 26453
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Sharp abdominal pain. It is like bursting experience, help me.
Doctor : I can realize the magnitude of of your troubles.  Are you dealing with Infertility? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 20330
Patient : Doctor, I am feeling Loss of sensation.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Skin lesion?
Patient : Right doctor, I am having lots of Skin lesion lately. I have always wondered why. Can you please cure me?
Doctor : Sure, I will help. Lastly, are you suffering from Paresthesia or anything like that?
Patient : Yes Doctor. 
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 17087
Patient : Doctor, I have got Symptoms of eye. It is causing repeated sensation, help me.
Doctor : I'm here for to move you out of this. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever felt Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 13391
Patient : Doctor, I have got Skin lesion. How can I get rid of this doctor? It is quite red in color and the skin is a bit warm there.
Doctor : I feel sorry for you to go through that. Skin lesions are quite common here. I would like to do a symptom investigation to find the real cause. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I don't know. Help me out here Skin rash
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am having Abnormal appearing skin near the area of lesions.
Doctor : I can get it. Are you dealing with Itching of skin?
Patient : Right, I am literally having that so bad.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 21297
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Seizures. It is making me loss of consciousness, help.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. Are you dealing with Weakness ?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from that too.
Doctor : Have you ever felt Fatigue?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 26228
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Anxiety and nervousness. It is making me feel tensed, help me.
Doctor : That will make challenging situation difficult for you. Are you dealing with Abusing alcohol?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Vomiting too?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Vomiting too doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Depression?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 21010
Patient : Doctor, i have got Hot flashes. I am feeling intense warm around neck.
Doctor : I'm here for you and I'll try to find its reason. You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 9103
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Nausea. It is making me feel uncomfortable in top part of stomach.
Doctor : That sounds really tough. Are you suffering from Vomiting too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 22146
Patient : Hello Doctor, I am suffering from Vomiting.
Doctor : Vomiting may occur. But, do you have ever noticed Skin rash?
Patient : Please look and tell me if it is there or not? Skin rash
Doctor : OK, I have noticed. Are you suffering from Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Itching of skin. I do not understand why these are happening.
Doctor : Well, Skin itches are also there. Then, have you noticed Swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You should have mentioned it earlier. Are you dealing with Skin lesion too?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with Skin lesion. It is really painful to me.
Doctor : According to your symptoms you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 14000
Patient : Doctor, i have got Stiffness all over. It causes me difficulty in movement.
Doctor : That must have annoyed you. Are you dealing with Back pain?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Back pain.
Doctor : Do you have Hip pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain too?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Leg pain too.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 10297
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shoulder pain. I cannot pickup my spoon to eat, help me.
Doctor : I totally agree with you and I will help you. Are you dealing with Shoulder stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 7469
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain or soreness of breast.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Lump or mass of breast?
Patient : Yes, I can feel them. I am having a Lump or mass of breast. What's the disease, doctor?
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 22407
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Allergic reaction.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Skin rash?
Patient : I am not sure doctor! Please help me find out. Skin rash
Doctor : Are you dealing with Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes, I am having severe Itching of skin. It is quite embarrassing as I sometimes end up itching in front of people.
Doctor : If that happened to me, I would have also felt the same. Tell me, do you have Swollen eye?
Patient : I cannot say if I have it or not. Take a look at this Swollen eye
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 15818
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pelvic pain. It is severly hurting me, help me.
Doctor : Thankyou for trusting me, I'll alleviate your suffering. Have you noticed Painful urination?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Sharp abdominal pain ?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Side pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed any Symptoms of bladder?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 29126
Patient : Doctor, I have got Shoulder pain. I cannot play table tennis because of it, help me.
Doctor : It can make you avoid your sport. Do you have any problems regarding Low back pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Leg pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with Leg pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Neck pain too?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 15331
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Elbow pain. I can't eat food from hands, help me.
Doctor : It can tough if you can't eat from your hands. Do you have Low back pain? 
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Hip pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I do have Leg pain. I cannot walk properly.
Doctor : I hear what you say. Are you dealing with Ache all over?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with that.
Doctor : Have you got Joint pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with Paresthesia too.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 9523
Patient : Doctor, I have got Skin lesion. I have got this from last two weeks. It is painful to me. What it is?
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 7523
Patient : Hello Doctor, I am dealing with Lacrimation.
Doctor : Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor,I do have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Yes .
Doctor : Are you dealing with Eye redness?
Patient : I am not sure about it.Can you help me find out? Eye redness
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 27967
Patient : Doctor,I am dealing with Poor circulation. It is making me feel uneasy, help me.
Doctor : I am here to alleviate your suffering. Are you dealing with Loss of sensation too? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have any Leg pain?
Patient : Yes, I do have Leg pain.
Doctor : Alright,You might have [MASK] 
Dialog id : 15755
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Skin lesion. It's giving me a lot of pain since it started. What is it? Please suggest. 
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 9364
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Fatigue.
Doctor : Do you have any Symptoms of the kidneys?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Peripheral edema?
Patient : Yes sir, I have been suffering from Peripheral edema.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 25127
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Symptoms of prostate. It hurts in lower part of my body, help me.
Doctor : It sure can be challenging. Are you suffering from Impotence?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Frequent urination?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Frequent urination.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 6482
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Stiffness all over. Due to it I am unable to swin, help me.
Doctor : Its hard to not swin, when it is part of your life. Are you dealing with Shoulder pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever felt Shoulder stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I do have Ache all over.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 28670
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Neck pain. I uanble to read because of it, help me.
Doctor : It must have felt irritating. Do you have Headache? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Vomiting?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Disturbance of memory?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 14610
Patient : Doctor, I have got Symptoms of eye. It is causing irritation, help me.
Doctor : I realize what you are going through. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 14101
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision. I can't cross road because of it, help me.
Doctor : It will interfere in every walk of your life. You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 9535
Patient : Doctor, I have got Foreign body sensation in eye. It feels like an enemy is attacking me, please help.
Doctor : It can make you feel intimidating. Ok, Are you struggling with Diminished vision?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Spots or clouds in vision?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 8689
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Vomiting. It is making me feel suffocated, help me.
Doctor : I would have suffocated anyone. Are you dealing with Nausea too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes, I do have Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Diarrhea?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have any Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Thirst?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 13028
Patient : Doctor, I have got Pain in testicles.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Skin rash?
Patient : Can you help me find out? Skin rash
Doctor : Have you got Itching of skin?
Patient : Right, I am having severe Itching of skin near the pain area. Is it something serious?
Doctor : I don't think so. Do you have any other symptoms? Have you got Ache all over?
Patient : Yes Doctor. 
Doctor : Are you dealing with Irritable infant?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 22957
Patient : Hi Doctor, I am dealing with Knee pain. I am unable to play football because of it, help me.
Doctor : It must be painful to have such experience. I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 5044
Patient : Doctor, I have got Arm pain. I cannot write properly because of it, help me.
Doctor : That sounds little frightening. Are you dealing with Vomiting ?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Nausea?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes, I do have Problems with movement. 
Doctor : Are you dealing with Dizziness too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 21247
Patient : Doctor, I have got Abnormal appearing skin. It is for the last couple of weeks. I can not understand why it has happpened to me. Please suggest me what it is and it's remedy.
Doctor : Well, let me see. Are you dealing with Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Skin lesion. It is really painful to me. Please help me out.
Doctor : Ok, I understand your problems. Have you ever noticed Lack of growth?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 12173
Patient : Doctor, I have got Headache. It makes me feel like my head is about to burst, help me.
Doctor : It's totally natural you would feel heaviness in your head. I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 4033
Patient : Doctor, I think I have something. Please take a look at it. Skin rash
Doctor : Are you dealing with Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am recently dealing with Abnormal appearing skin. What can be the cause?
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 7260
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Diminished vision.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Eye redness too?
Patient : Please see Eye redness and conclude.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 20452
Patient : Doctor, my child has got Fever. Please save him doctor. He is my only child.
Doctor : I can understand a mother's heart. After all, I am a mother too. Is your child dealing with Skin rash recently?
Patient : I cannot judge. You please look at it and conclude! Skin rash
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Correct Doctor, I have got some Abnormal appearing skin on my child's body. 
Doctor : Is your child an Irritable infant?
Patient : Yes .
Doctor : Have you got Eye redness?
Patient : I don't know. Please see Eye redness.
Doctor : Your child might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 3225
Patient : Doctor, I have got Back pain. It's giving me a lot of pain. It is for the last two weeks I am suffering. What might be causing it?
Doctor : I feel for your pain. Actually every people complaints so. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I don't think I can conclude that. Please help me find out! Skin rash
Doctor : I have watched it. I have some more queries. Have you ever noticed Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Patient : What do you think about this Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness?
Doctor : I am just observing. Finally I will conclude. Are you dealing with Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes. I have Itching of skin.
Doctor : Fine, have you noticed any Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I noticed that Abnormal appearing skin too.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 2096
Patient : Doctor, please look at Eye redness. It is causing me extreme irritation.
Doctor : Have you got Mass on eyelid?
Patient : Yeah Doctor, my eyes are hurting due to this Mass on eyelid. Is it curable doctor? I am very worried. 
Doctor : If it happened to me, I would also be scared. Mass on the eyelid often scares people. Do you have any Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Eyelid lesion or rash?
Patient : Please see and confirm. Eyelid lesion or rash
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 15503
Patient : Doctor, I have got Back pain. I can't sit in my chair to do my work, help me.
Doctor : I can feel how hard world would be without ability to sit. I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 27214
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Fluid retention.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : It is a matter to be thought of. Then, have you got Peripheral edema?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have got Peripheral edema.
Doctor : I have seen it. Have you ever felt Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes. I am dealing with that too?
Doctor : Are you dealing with Nausea?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Cough?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have got Cough.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 719
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with dizziness. It is making me feel shaky, help me.
Doctor : It can surely hurt your ability to be alert. Have you got Back pain? 
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Alright, you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 5596
Patient : Hello doctor, I have got Symptoms of bladder. It is hurting in lower part of body, help me.
Doctor : It surely is an irritating experience. OK, have you got Painful urination?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Do you have any Suprapubic pain?
Patient : Yes, i have Suprapubic pain.
Doctor : have you ever noticed Blood in urine?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Retention of urine?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : I think you have got Cy[MASK]titi[MASK]
Dialog id : 9941
Patient : Hi doctor, I am dealing with intermenstrual bleeding. It is annoying me, please help.
Doctor : It can be disturbing experience. Do you have lower abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes doctor, I do have lower abdominal pain.
Doctor : Are you dealing with painful menstruation?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Have you even noticed heavy menstrual flow?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have vaginal pain too?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 14021
Patient : Hello doctor, I am dealing with abusing alcohol. It is causing problems in my relationship, help me.
Doctor : Without relationships world would become lonely. Have you got drug abuse too?
Patient : Yes doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with depressive or psychotic symptoms.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 26246
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with peripheral edema. Is it curable doctor? I am unable to perform in a function because of this.
Doctor : I can get your situation. Peripheral edema can be due to various reasons. Let me proceed with the symptom investigation. Have you got a skin rash?
Patient : Please take a look at it. See Skin rash
Doctor : Have you ever noticed allergic reaction in your body?
Patient : yes doctor. 
Doctor : Have you got itching of skin?
Patient : I don't know much. Have a look. Swollen eye
Doctor : Do you have Swollen eye?
Patient : yes.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed skin swelling?
Patient : Exactly, I am suffering from Skin swelling issue.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 10427
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Symptoms of the kidneys. It is making me feel problematic, help me.
Doctor : I will help you to best of my abilities. Ok, Are you dealing with Dizziness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Sharp Chest pain?
Patient : Yes .
Doctor : Are you dealing with Kidney mass?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with that.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Blood in urine?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 8034
Patient : Doctor, I have got Wrist pain. I am unable to twist my wrist, help me.
Doctor : It can cause trouble in day to day activities. Do you have Pain during pregnancy?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 24067
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Problems during pregnancy. Problems are mostly with my skin. How can I get rid of it?
Doctor : Have you noticed Skin rash?
Patient : I can't tell, didn't notice much. But please take a look. Skin rash
Doctor : Have you got Fever?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I have Fever. It suffers me a lot.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have seen Abnormal appearing skin on my body.
Doctor : Then, one more thing to know. Are you dealing with Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Itching of skin. I doubt what happened.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 12922
Patient : Doctor, I have some issue please look into it! Swollen eye
Doctor : Are you dealing with Itching of skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am having severe Itching of skin from last few days. What's my diagnosis, doctor?
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 3632
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Unpredictable menstruation. It introduces irregularity in life, help me.
Doctor : It can become quite a mess. Are you dealing with Heavy menstrual flow too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have any problems regarding Involuntary urination?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 28895
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Lacrimation. My tears are coming out and out, help me.
Doctor : I understand what disturbance it creates in your life. Are you dealing with Diminished vision too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 371
Patient : Doctor, i have got Back pain. It is like a stabbing experience, help me.
Doctor : It can you very difficult to sit. Are you dealing with Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes .
Doctor : Are you dealing with Low back pain too? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 351
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Low back pain. It hurts whenever I tries to sit in chair, help me.
Doctor : It can make your life troublesome. I will try to alleviate it. Do you have Back pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Neck pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Neck pain.
Doctor : Do you have Ache all over?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Arm pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am dealing with Arm pain.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 20874
Patient : Doctor, I have got Foot or toe pain. I can't stand properly because of it, help me.
Doctor : Life without standing is can become stationary. I'll help you. Have you got Fever?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you been Feeling ill?
Patient : Yes, i have been Feeling ill.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 10797
Patient : Hi Doctor, I have got Symptoms of the kidneys.  It is causing problem in my central part of body, help me.
Doctor : It must have severe pain. Have you felt Weakness too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Kidney mass?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 22018
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Weakness. I can't get out my bed, help me.
Doctor : It can damage your professional life, let's get out of it. Have you felt Vomiting?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Nausea?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Diarrhea too?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Diarrhea too.
Doctor : Do you have Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Fluid retention?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Fluid retention.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 29128
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Rib pain. It is causing me pain in taking deep breath, help me.
Doctor : It can make you feel restless having such a pain. Do you also have Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever felt that your Bones are painful?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 4217
Patient : Hi Doctor,from past few days I am dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I have suicidal thoughts in my head, help me.
Doctor : Thankyou for trusting me, let's find a resaon for this. Alright, Are you suffering from Depression too?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am suffering from Depression too.
Doctor : Do you have any Problems with movement?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 27467
Patient : Doctor, I have got Leg pain. I can't walk around my house, please help.
Doctor : It will reduce movement, let's find its reason. Have you felt Headache?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Loss of sensation.
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Seizures?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you got Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Joint pain too?
Patient : Yes .
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 8701
Patient : Doctor, I have got Chills. It is annoying me, please help.
Doctor : I comprehend your condition. Are you dealing with Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Painful menstruation?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 4251
Patient : Doctor, I felt Pain or soreness of breast. I am very much worried. I am fearing of it not to be cancer.
Doctor : Ok, don't get worried. Modern diagnosis has opened goog opportunitioes for the patients. Have you ever noticed Lump or mass of breast?
Patient : Yes, Doctor. I have got Lump or mass of breast. It disturbs my sleep when it gets hurt.
Doctor : As per your symptom description, I guess you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 21438
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Depression. I feel hopeless in every challenging condition, help me.
Doctor : I am here to help you move out of it. I think you have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 25957
Patient : Doctor, I am having some issues. See, Skin rash
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I have got some Abnormal appearing skin on my body. I am quite worried about this.
Doctor : Please don't get tensed. Let me finish the symptom investigation first. Are you suffering from Skin moles?
Patient : Right, doctor. I am having quite a few Skin moles recently.
Doctor : I can get that. Are you dealing with Lack of growth?
Patient : Yes Doctor. 
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 15986
Patient : Doctor, I think I have got Skin lesion. I am suffering from this lesion for the last one month. It is painful also. What is it?
Doctor : I understand the pain you are suffering from  You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 19092
Patient : Doctor, I have Problems with movement. It has made me difficult to navigate, please help.
Doctor : That sounds really tough to live without navigating. Do you have Knee pain? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Elbow pain too?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Elbow pain too.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 19453
Patient : Doctor, I am experiencing Vaginal discharge. It is irritating me, please help.
Doctor : I can understand what you are going through. Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Vaginal pain too?
Patient : Yes, I have Vaginal pain too Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 9264
Patient : Doctor,from past few days i felt like Dizziness. It is making me feel weak, please help.
Doctor : It can reduce your ability to concentrate. I am here for you. Ok, Do you have Leg pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Hand or finger pain.
Doctor : Have you felt Weakness ?
Patient : I felt that too Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4497
Patient : Doctor, My child is suffering from Diarrhea. It is making me dehydrated, please help.
Doctor : I will help you to alleviate it. I think your child have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 29829
Patient : Doctor, I have been experiencing Weight gain. It is causing me to lose my shape, please help.
Doctor : You are in critical case of going though such suffering. I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 12166
Patient : Doctor, I have Arm pain. I can't type in computer, please help.
Doctor : Without typing it can be a blocker for you to write code. Are you suffering from Headache?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 27158
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Lacrimation. I am consistently producing tears even when I am not sad or happy, please help.
Doctor : What you are going through is beyond words. I will help you. Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Abnormal movement of eyelid?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you got Symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Foreign body sensation in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have noticed that doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 11563
Patient : Doctor, I have got Cough. It feels so heavy in area around neck, please help.
Doctor : It can be painful to be suffering from it. Do you have Seizures too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Depression?
Patient : Yes, I am dealing with Depression Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Weakness too?
Patient : I am dealing with Weakness too Doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Sore throat?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : I noticed that Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Focal weakness?
Patient : I am dealing with Focal weakness Doctor.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 29923
Patient : Doctor, I have got Fatigue. I don't feel energetic in any condition, help me.
Doctor : I get where you are coming from. Do you have Pain or soreness of breast?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19806
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Involuntary urination. It is for the last one month. I had taken some homeopathic medicines but not cured. What causing it?
Doctor : I feel it is a problematic symptom. But, do you have Knee lump or mass?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Knee lump or mass. I am worried about it. It is for the last two months it has started to grow.  
Doctor : Take care. You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 25358
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Unwanted hair. It makes me feel humiliated, please help.
Doctor : It can reduce your confidence to go in public place. I'm here for you. Are you suffering from Infertility?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Unpredictable menstruation too?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 23393
Patient : Doctor, I have got Ache all over. It is causing pain, I can't move properly, help me.
Doctor : No wonder you are in such difficult position. Have you got Fever?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you Feeling ill?
Patient : Yes, I am feeling ill Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Paresthesia?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Lymphedema?
Patient : Yes,I am dealing with Lymphedema.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 6113
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Pain or soreness of breast. It is since last two months I am dealing with it. I am tensed, how can I get cured completely?
Doctor : It's a matter of concern. Why didn't you come earlier? Have you ever noticed Lump or mass of breast?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I have Lump or mass of breast. It is also worring me a lot.
Doctor : You might have [MASK] You should get cured as soon as possible.
Dialog id : 27670
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Itching of skin. It's troubling me a lot for the last one and half months. How to get rid of this?
Doctor : Well, I have got your proble. Are you experiencing Dizziness?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I am experiencing Dizziness.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Peripheral edema?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Peripheral edema. It is really painful for me. I am having it since last two weeks.
Doctor : Do you have Headache?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 11033
Patient : Doctor, I have Pain in eye. It is too painful nowadays.
Doctor : I feel your pain. Swelling or lump formation on eyelid troubles much to every one. Do you have Mass on eyelid?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I am sufferinf from it.
Doctor : It happens. Most people have symptoms like this. Do you have Symptoms of eye too?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Itchiness of eye?
Patient : So true, I am dealing with Itchiness of eye.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17439
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Fluid retention.
Doctor : Do you have Shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Peripheral edema?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Peripheral edema. How to treat this condition, doctor? Is it serious?
Doctor : Your concern is very genuine. If I were you, it would frighten me too. Tell me, do you have any Difficulty breathing?
Patient : I do have Doctor.
Doctor : You might have got [MASK].
Dialog id : 12243
Patient : Doctor, I have got Headaache. It feels so intense pain, I can't bear it. Please help.
Doctor : It is severe case, I will guide you. Are you suffering from Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you felt Sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes, I felt that Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Depression?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Dizziness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : i think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 7439
Patient : Doctor, I have Pain in eye. It is hurting me continously, please help.
Doctor : It can be troubling experience. Does your  Eye burns or stings? 
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14659
Patient : Doctor, I have Joint pain.
Doctor : Alright, do you have Skin rash?
Patient : Please see and help me find out! Skin rash
Doctor : Have you got Fever?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have Arm pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have any Difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 3231
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from Depressive or psychotic symptoms. I feel sad and low in energy, please help.
Doctor : I comprehend your condition, Do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Depression too?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you ever felt Low self-esteem?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 27205
Patient : Doctor, please look at Skin rash
Doctor : Are you suffering from Cough?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1289
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Skin lesion. It is for the last fortnight. It has now grown up little bit and is troublesome as well as worring for me.
Doctor : I have got. In this season many people suffers from shin problem. Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I am not sure. See Skin rash
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Allergic reaction?
Patient : Yes, I have noticed that Doctor.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Skin irritation?
Patient : I am not sure about it. Please take a look. Skin irritation
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 9691
Patient : Doctor, I have got Abnormal appearing skin. It is very embarrassing to go in public with this type of skin. How can I cure this, doctor?
Doctor : If that happened to me, I would also feel the same. Let me proceed with the symptom investigation. Do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Fever?
Patient : Yes, I have got Fever.
Doctor : Do you feel Weakness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 3589
Patient : Doctor, I am in great pain. Please help me find the cause. Take a look. Skin rash
Doctor : How do you have got it? How long you are suffering from? Do you have Skin moles?
Patient : Yes Doctor. I have Skin moles. How to get relief from these?
Doctor : I think you have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 22863
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Depression. I can't get energy to do my office work, please help.
Doctor : Thank you for reaching, I'll do my best. Do you have Anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you noticed Abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : I noticed that Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 14005
Patient : Doctor, I have got Abnormal appearing skin. It is since last one week. Started with small bumps and redness. 
Doctor : Do you have Skin rash?
Patient : I can't comment on that doctor. Please take a look and come to conclusion for it. Skin rash
Doctor : Do you have Fever?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Have you got Ache all over?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Cough?
Patient : Yes, I have Cough.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Skin lesion?
Patient : Yes, I am suffering from Skin lesion. It is so painful that it is very difficult for me to wear my clothes.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 24931
Patient : Doctor, Please help me, I am confused. See this, Skin rash
Doctor : Do you have Skin pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Do you have Pain in eye?
Patient : Yes, I have Pain in eye.
Doctor : I think you might have got [MASK]
Dialog id : 11922
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with Vaginal pain.
Doctor : Have you ever noticed Penile discharge?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : Are you dealing with Vaginal discharge too?
Patient : Yes .
Doctor : Do you have Sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have Sharp abdominal pain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from Itching of skin?
Patient : Right Doctor. I am dealing with lots of Itching of skin recently. It has become red because of that. Please help me doctor.
Doctor : I can understand that itching can cause a lot of embarrassment in public. Lastly, do you have Groin pain?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : I think you are suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 12717
Patient : Doctor, My baby got Fever.
Doctor : I think your baby is suffering from [MASK]
Dialog id : 19741
Patient : Doctor, I have been dealing with Itching of skin for the past two weeks. With time the skin is becoming red. What causing it?
Doctor : Alright, in this season it happens. Do you have Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness too?
Patient : Yes Doctor, I have been suffering from Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness. 
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 10526
Patient : Doctor, I have got Lump or mass of breast. It is for the last two months. I am very much scary. How can I get relief from this?
Doctor : It's a matter to be worried. You should have meet me earlier. Have you ever noticed Bleeding or discharge from nipple?
Patient : Yes Doctor.
Doctor : You might have [MASK]
Dialog id : 6207
Patient :  I am struggling with weight gain. It is causing me to lose my shape. Please tell me its reason.
Doctor : It sure must have felt bad when gain weight. You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11805
Patient : I'm having sharp chest pain. It is making me feel painful and hard to breath.
Doctor : That must be painful, I realize your difficulties. For better clarity, do you feel anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yeah. I feel overwhelmed by it.
Doctor : Yes it can be became too much and difficult to deal with. Are you dealing with depression?
Patient : I have been struggling with depression.
Doctor : Do you also have dizziness?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : It seems that you are having [MASK].
Dialog id : 18859
Patient : I've been struggling with infertility. It has made my life difficult. Help me to know its reason.
Doctor : It can be quite hard to be in such a condition. For better knowledge, do you have long menstrual periods?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It seems you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17952
Patient : Doctor, I've been facing skin dryness, peeling, scaliness or roughness.
Doctor : Do you have any skin moles? Let me know
Patient : Yes I have skin moles.
Doctor : Is there any skin swelling? 
Patient : Right, I am experiencing Skin swelling since past five days.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24507
Patient : I've been dealing with low self esteem. It is making me nervous infront of people. Help me to know its reason.
Doctor : That sounds like you are having tough phase of your life. To know what is behind this can you tell do you have depression?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 10242
Patient : Doctor, I've been dealing with depression. It is making me hopeless in every possible situation. Help me to know its cause.
Doctor : I comprehend what you are feeling. To know what is causing this can you tell do you have any seizures?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : Do you have a sore throat?
Patient : Yeah, I have a sore throat.
Doctor : You might have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13129
Patient : I've been having unpredictable menstruation. It is has my life challenging.
Doctor : True it is chellenging. To know properly can you say are you dealing with infertility?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It seems you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10011
Patient : I have been struggling with loss of sensation. I tend to touch heated vessel but it doesn't hurt. Please help me.
Doctor : Yes it is troublesome, it can cause you injuries even when you are not aware of it. Do you have any other problem like is there any headache?
Patient : I have headache.
Doctor : Are you experiencing leg pain?
Patient :  Yes.
Doctor : It seems that you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24093
Patient : I'm experiencing foot or toe pain. It hurts whenever I touches ground. Please help me.
Doctor : I'm here for you and I'll try to aid you. Can you tell do you have leg pain?
Patient : Yeah, I feel leg pain. It is making me difficult to move around.
Doctor : Are you experiencing any problems with movement?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29501
Patient : Hi doctor, I've been experiencing leg pain. I cannot walk properly because of it. Please tell its reason
Doctor : I'm here for you and I'll help you. You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12003
Patient : Hi doctor, I'm having a cough. It is causing irritation in throat help me.
Doctor : It looks that you are going through a lot. It seems you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19669
Patient : Hi doctor, I have been sweating too much. It is generating too much smell. Please help me.
Doctor : It sure can make you difficult to get around people. You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27064
Patient : I have foot or toe pain.
Doctor : Is there any eye redness?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : Do you have a swollen eye?
Patient : I am not entirely sure. Please check swollen eye
Doctor : You symptoms suggest that you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 26635
Patient :  Hi doctor, I've been struggling with diminished vision. I can't see properly, it makes navigation difficult. Help me.
Doctor : Are you experiencing itchiness of eye?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It seems you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10286
Patient : My child has skin swelling.
Doctor : Does he or she have diarrhea?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Is there a fever?
Patient : There is a fever.
Doctor : Please show if there is any skin rash.
Patient : I am not confident but please take a look skin rash
Doctor : It seems that the child has a [MASK].
Dialog id : 26025
Patient : I have been experiencing symptoms of the kidneys. It is hurting me. Help me.
Doctor : I'm here to help you. Can you say that do you feel dizziness?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : It seems you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 37
Patient : Hi docotr, I have a lot of back pain. It is causing me problem in spine. Help me.
Doctor : It can be challenging to move around with such pain, I'm here for you. You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5335
Patient : Hi doctor, I have been experiencing symptoms of the kidneys. It is causing pain, help me.
Doctor : I will feel your pain. I will aid you. It seems you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21832
Patient : Hello doctor, I have a fever. I am feeling unwell because of it.
Doctor : Things will get alright soon. Are you experiencing leg weakness?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3463
Patient : Hi doctor, I am suffering from lower body pain. It is becoming unbearable at times. I am not being able to sleep properly. Please help!
Doctor : I can feel the pain that you feel. Please answer my questions so that I can diagnose your disease. Do you have any pain in testicles?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : Is there any swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Yes there is.
Doctor : It seems you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11666
Patient : Hey doctor. I've been struggling with low self esteem. I always feel inferior to others. This really frustrates me.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. Have you been dealing with depression?
Patient : I do have depression.
Doctor : Have you experienced any depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes I have.
Doctor : It seems you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 1678
Patient : I am facing a lot of leg pain. It has got to a point where I am unable to walk. How to cure this, doctor?
Doctor : It hurts me to hear that. Do you also have low back pain?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1389
Patient : Hey Doctor, I've been feeling fatigue lately.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8443
Patient : Doctor, lately I've been having depressive or psychotic symptoms. I don't have any interest in continuing this life. No one cares for me.
Doctor : I understand what are you feeling but please never think of ending your life. I think you are dealing with depression, right?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Well, you might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 10740
Patient : Doctor, I have been experiencing intermenstrual bleeding. I am very much scared about this. Can you tell me its cause?
Doctor : Sounds like, you are really very frightened about this. Alright, do you have unpredictable menstruation?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14618
Patient : Hi doc, I have been experiencing a lot of fatigue. 
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10785
Patient : Hello doctor, I have been very much troubled about my bleeding or discharge from nipple. Please help me.
Doctor : Yes, I am always there to help. Please don't feel scared. Let me just ask a question. Do you have a problem with unpredictable menstruation?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : Well, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15990
Patient : Doctor, I've been experiencing extreme pain in eye. It has become very difficult to open and see through that eye. Please cure me, doctor.
Doctor : I understand what you’re feeling. But, have you got eye redness?
Patient : I do.
Doctor : It seems you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6490
Patient : My baby has got Itching of skin. Please give me suggestions about what I can do about it.
Doctor : I understand your pain first let me know her symptoms. Does he or she have a fever?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Is there any feeling of suprapubic pain?
Patient : Yes there is.
Doctor : Your child may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25863
Patient : Hello! Doctor. I have got Skin lesion. I am a little worried about it.
Doctor : Per your symptom, you may have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 29075
Patient : Doctor, I am dealing with vaginal bleeding after menopause. I am very much scared about this. What to do, doctor?
Doctor : I can understand how you feel. Please answer my questions. Are you experiencing heavy menstrual flow?
Patient : Yes I am.
Doctor : Are you also having involuntary urination?
Patient : Right, I am having that. I am peeing myself. It is quite embrassing.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2298
Patient : Hello doctor, can you please take a look at my skin skin rash.I am not sure what is wrong with it.
Doctor : Is there any abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes I have got it, do you think anything is serious.
Doctor : For now I don't see anything serious, but it seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3916
Patient : Doctor, I think I am having an allergic reaction. I feel itchy on my skin and due to that, it has become red. Also, I am having a burning sensation in that area. How can I cure this doctor?  
Doctor : You are making total sense. Let me do the symptom investigation to diagnose your underlying disease. Have you been experiencing dizziness?
Patient : Yes I have.
Doctor : Do you have peripheral edema?
Patient : Right, I have got Peripheral edema.
Doctor : Don't worry, I will help you. Have you been vomiting?
Patient : True I have.
Doctor : It seems that you are having a [MASK].
Dialog id : 17313
Patient : Hi doctor, I am having swollen or red tonsils. It is very painful in the throat area. I almost feels like my tonsils are on fire while eating something spicy. Please help me, doctor.
Doctor : I can feel the pain you feel. Do you have diminished hearing?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : Is there any redness in ear?
Patient : I am not clearly sure redness in ear
Doctor : Have you been experiencing ringing in ear?
Patient : Yes I have.
Doctor : Well, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12562
Patient : Why do I have hand or finger swelling?
Doctor : Well, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12227
Patient : I have been experiencing hemoptysis.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 12601
Patient : Doctor, I am experiencing extreme shoulder pain. How can I get rid of this doctor?
Doctor : Oh no that sounds terrible. Do you have rib pain?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : Are you experiencing shortness of breath?
Patient : Yeah, I have been feeling so.
Doctor : It seems that you have a [MASK].
Dialog id : 28980
Patient : Hello Doctor, why do I have leg pain? It would be great to be free of this as soon as possible.
Doctor : Right, it is a very common among people of your age. Do you also have wrist pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11707
Patient : Doctor, I have been dealing with infertility for some time. It is creating a lot of frustration among us. Can it be cured on medication?
Doctor : It is a common problem among women. I feel the agony that you have right now. Are you experiencing unpredictable menstruation?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6650
Patient : Doctor, I have suprapubic pain. It is a little frightening for me. Is there anything to fear?
Doctor : Oh ho. Then, are you experiencing retention of urine?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have side pain?
Patient : Yeah, I have felt side pain.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5993
Patient : Hi Doctor, I have been experiencing nausea. It is really disappointing for me. I can not understand what to do. 
Doctor : I make out your problem. Are you experiencing groin pain? 
Patient :  Yes I have groin pain. 
Doctor : Do you also have vaginal pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It seems that you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20347
Patient : Doctor, I feel shameful to mention that I have been struggling with nail biting. How can I get rid of this?
Doctor : I understand how do you feel. Are you experiencing involuntary urination?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have wrist weakness?
Patient : I have felt wrist weakness.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25510
Patient : Hi Doctor, I feel very scared. Why do I have leg pain? I understand that leg pain may be due to several reasons.
Doctor : No need to be panic. Do you also have back pain?
Patient : Yes, I have felt back pain.
Doctor : And are you experiencing low back pain?
Patient : Yes, you have rightly pointed out.
Doctor : And is there any neck pain?
Patient : Yeah there is.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6168
Patient : Why do I have this mass on vulva?
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11510
Patient : Hello Doctor, why do I have knee stiffness or tightness? I can't move freely due to this.
Doctor : I understand your problem. Are you experiencing elbow pain?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : It seems you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 29177
Patient : Doctor, I have been feeling loss of sensation. I am very much tensed. Is it curable?
Doctor : Do you have hand or finger pain?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19237
Patient : Doctor, why do I have penile discharge?
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20811
Patient : Doctor, please examine my skin. I don't know what it is. See Skin rash.
Doctor : It seems like rashes. Please be gentle to your skin and use mild lotions and soaps. And if you are allergic to some substance, please avoid having contact with it. Let me know if you have any abnormal appearing skin. 
Patient : You are totally right.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11586
Patient : Doctor, recently I remain in pensive mood most of the time. I understand that I am in depression. Why am I experiencing depressive or psychotic symptoms of late?
Doctor : OK, I’d feel the same way you do in your situation. Are you also feeling anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes I am.
Doctor : It seems that you are having an [MASK].
Dialog id : 16313
Patient : Hello Doctor, I've been suffering from diminished hearing. I am very much fearful. Will I be deaf with time?
Doctor : No wonder, what you think. Do you have depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may be having [MASK].
Dialog id : 12939
Patient : Hello Doctor, I am experiencing diminished vision. I am a diabetic patient since the last ten years. I am very fearful. Will I lose my vision?
Doctor : Well, I feel your fear. If I were in your position then I would also felt fear. Do you have pain in eye?
Patient : Yeah I have pain in eye.
Doctor : Are you experiencing symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16911
Patient : Doctor, for the last week my eyes are swelled. The clarity of vision lessened. Why am I having pain in eye? I am tensed.
Doctor : Please don't take any tension. I understand your condition. Are you experiencing diminished vision?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23052
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from some problems with kidney. These are mostly with the urination. Why am I having symptoms of the kidney?
Doctor : I feel your worry. Actually kidney is a major organ that's why people worries on kidney related symptoms. You may be having [MASK].
Dialog id : 3100
Patient : Hi Doctor, I feel pain walking. This might be due to swelling in knee area. Why do I have this knee swelling? knee swelling
Doctor : I understand the pain that you feel. It happens in many people. Are you experiencing knee pain as well?
Patient : Yes I am.
Doctor : And is there any leg pain?
Patient : Yeah I have leg pains frequently.
Doctor : Do you have any wrist pain?
Patient : Yeah I do.
Doctor : Your symptoms suggest that you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13077
Patient : Hello Doctor, I am a bit of bothered now. It is regarding a shoulder swelling. I have it for the last six months. What should I do?
Doctor : OK, there are something to be worried about. My question is, are you experiencing any wrist weakness?
Patient : Yeah I am.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14366
Patient : Doctor, I can not say why but, I have been dealing with anxiety and nervousness. Can you suggest me any solution? How can I get rid of?
Doctor : Whay are you worrying? Now more than half of the people are such. Are you experiencing headaches?
Patient : Quite frequently, yes.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 22888
Patient : Doctor, I am very much perturbed about my vision. Actually I am struggling with diminished vision. Why it is so? I need your suggestion.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 15453
Patient : Doctor, I have been struggling with anxiety and nervousness. How can I get rid of this anxiety?
Doctor : Don't take much tension. Are you experiencing nausea?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 3522
Patient : Doctor, why do I have ankle pain? It's true that I have some swelling in the ankle. I have tried with an ankle cap but failed.
Doctor : You may have ankle pain because you have not been taking care of your ankle properly. The ankle needs to be kept clean and dry. Are you experiencing any knee pain?
Patient : Yes I am.
Doctor : Are you struggling with retention of urine?
Patient : Yes, sometimes I suffer from retention of urine.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23822
Patient : Hello doctor, my child has been suffering from diarrhea. I am very careful about the kind of food that I feed and I am watchful also of what he takes. Last week we had an outing, that may also be a reason.
Doctor : You have rightly pointed out. Those may be reasons. But I think your child may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6634
Patient : I have been experiencing foot or toe pain. It is recently started. Earlier also it happened. I don't have any swelling or bruish anywhere. I had been trying to take care of it myself. I have been soaking in warm water and adding fresh lemon juice to the warm water.  
Doctor : All you have done are not the right things. Actually, you couldn't diagnose properly. I think, you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6108
Patient : Doctor, why am I having vaginal bleeding after menopause?
Doctor : The reason may be [MASK].
Dialog id : 14332
Patient : Doctor, I have sharp abdominal pain frequently. It is so acute that I even can't stand or walk properly. I get demoralised.
Doctor : Prima Facie I guess something. Before conclusion I need to know are you also experiencing suprapubic pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23431
Patient : Why am I struggling with fatigue? I have heard that fatigue may be the symptom of several serious diseases. That's why I am bothered also.
Doctor : You are true. One relevant question-are you also experiencing shortness of breath?
Patient : Yes, sometimes.
Doctor : This may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 8405
Patient : I am struggling with depressive or psychotic symptoms. I can't follow why I am feeling so. I am having such symptoms for the last three months. But why it is happening?
Doctor : No need to think of. Are you noticing decreased appetite?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you support from weight gain recently?
Patient : Yes I have.
Doctor : It seems that you may have an [MASK].
Dialog id : 24134
Patient : Doctor, what is wrong with my hand? Please check, Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness.
Doctor : Do you have any abnormal appearing skin? Please show.
Patient : Yeah, I have been suffering from Abnormal appearing skin on my chest area.
Doctor : Have you got any acne or pimples, recently?
Patient : Correct, I have got some Acne or pimples bumps on my face.
Doctor : According to symptoms, you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28967
Patient : Hello doctor, can you please check my skin Skin rash.
Doctor : Seems like you allergic reaction. Let me know are you experiencing itching of skin?
Patient : Right, doctor.
Doctor : Do you have a swollen eye? Please let me know.
Patient : I am not sure about that. See Swollen eye
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17804
Patient : Doctor, why am I experiencing nausea frequently? 
Doctor : The reason might be [MASK]
Dialog id : 5767
Patient : Doctor, I have been having delusions or hallucinations. I think I have gone mad. I am hearing random sounds that are not there. Everyone thinks I am a lunatic. Please suggest to me what to do. 
Doctor : That hurts me to hear that. Tell me, have you been abusing alcohol?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 21091
Patient : Hey doc, why do I have diminished vision?
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5623
Patient : I am having problems with movement. I can't walk properly. Please help.
Doctor : I got your problem. Are you suffering from dizziness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you experienced any weakness?
Patient : I have been experiencing weakness.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9809
Patient : I'm struggling with involuntary urination. It is quite embarrassing in public. How to cure this doctor? 
Doctor : You are making total sense. Are you experiencing heavy menstrual flow?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4538
Patient : I have been doing drug abuse for a long period. I want to get rid of this now. Can you please help me?
Doctor : Are you experiencing sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6543
Patient : I have been experiencing disturbance of memory. Recently, I have noticed that I am asking the same questions repeatedly to the same person. Also, I tend to forget common words while talking. Is it something serious doctor? I am worried.
Doctor : I understand how you feel. Let me do the symptom investigation first. Do you have depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Frequently.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14375
Patient : I have been experiencing symptoms of eye.
Doctor : Are you struggling with diminished vision?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Please show if you have any eye redness.
Patient : I am not quite certain Eye redness
Doctor : Well, it seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11193
Patient : I've been experiencing neck pain. I have the standard degenerative disc disease, and have for the last 7 years.
Doctor : OK, I can get your problem. Do you have back pain?
Patient : Yeah, I felt back pain.
Doctor : Do you also have low back pain?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : And are you experiencing any side pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20834
Patient : Doctor, I have got Skin lesions on my back. And these are continuously growing in number. What is wrong with me? 
Doctor : According to symptom, it seems like that you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 20497
Patient : Why do I have foot or toe pain? It's to do with all of the movement. It's difficult to figure out what to do with my body.
Doctor : I want to do my best to help you. Do you also have ankle pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 12949
Patient : I've been experiencing fatigue frequently. And it only lasts when I get really stressed out.
When I relax and slow down it goes away.
Doctor : That hurts me to hear that. Are you sweating recently?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 29102
Patient : Why do I have facial pain?
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 29418
Patient : I've been experiencing blindness. It is since last fortnight. I can not understand why I am loosing my vision.
Doctor : Oh, so pitiful. It should not happen at your age. Do you have diminished vision?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28858
Patient : Why am I experiencing symptoms of the kidneys?
Doctor : The reason may be [MASK].
Dialog id : 6018
Patient : Hello doctor, I have some problem in my eye. Can you please take a look eye redness
Doctor : Do you have a swollen eye?
Patient : I am not confident swollen eye
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 737
Patient : I have been experiencing sharp chest pain. Is it due to any heart related ailments? But I am a very healthy person who walks and does exercise regularly.
Doctor : I understand your worries. Do you have a headache?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11861
Patient : I'm experiencing terrible back pain.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28243
Patient : Why do I have painful urination? I am dealing with this since last three weeks. I take much water still it is not getting alleviated.
Doctor : At this age happens. Are you experiencing frequent urination?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Have you felt any lower abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes I have.
Doctor : And is there any pelvic pain?
Patient : Yeah, I have felt pelvic pain frequently.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 14163
Patient : Hello! Please let me know why I have got a skin lesion. Is there something wrong?
Doctor : Don't worry, let me help you. First answer few queries. Tell me, have you notice any weight gain?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 10116
Patient : I have excessive growth. I need to have it removed and sent to an oncologist. Can you please help me?
Doctor : Definitely, I am always there to help you. Let me diagnose your disease first. Are you experiencing involuntary urination?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21277
Patient : Why does my baby have diarrhea?
Doctor : He or she may be suffering from a [MASK].
Dialog id : 9494
Patient : I'm experiencing disturbance of memory.
Doctor : It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 8659
Patient : Doctor, why do I have this terrible cough? My chest pains while coughing. It has been days since I got it.
Doctor : I can understand your situation. Have you been feeling ill recently?
Patient : Yeah, I've been feeling ill.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6084
Patient : I have been experiencing painful urination. I started feeling sick to my stomach. I started getting queasy and my lower abdomen began to hurt.
Doctor : I can feel the pain you feel. But, have you noticed any vaginal discharge?
Patient : Yes I have.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1602
Patient : I feel fatigue too often. I was very energetic earlier. But I don't know why recently I am experiencing so.
Doctor : Don't take much worry. You will be as earlier. Are you experiencing any symptoms of the kidneys?
Patient : Yes, a lot.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25109
Patient : Doctor, see Skin rash.. What are these? I feel intense itching sensation in them. 
Doctor : Oh! it looks like some viral infection. It is severe. I understand you have been having a hard time because of it. Please answer, do you have pain in testicles?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : It seems that you have contracted [MASK].
Dialog id : 19065
Patient : I've been struggling with diminished vision. I am very much scared about this. I am fearing complete loss of vision. Please same me. 
Doctor : It happens. There are remedies. Let me see. Are you experiencing any symptoms of eye?
Patient : Yes I am.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24154
Patient : Why do I have pain in eye?
Doctor : It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 18727
Patient : I have been experiencing fatigue lately. I get tired very often. In addition to this, I am sleeping quite a lot recently. I wonder what might cause this?
Doctor : You are making total sense. This tiredness can be due to various reasons. Let me diagnose the disease first. Do you have wrist pain?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20621
Patient : Why do I feel fatigue frequently? It hurts my daily schedule. I do not feel an urge to complete my jobs.
Doctor : Well, let me diagnose. Are you experiencing any shortness of breath?
Patient : Sometimes.
Doctor : The reason may be [MASK].
Dialog id : 12258
Patient : Why am I experiencing shoulder pain?
Doctor : The reason may be [MASK].
Dialog id : 18688
Patient : I have been experiencing weakness of late. Especially, since my trip to the UK. I wonder if there have been some effects.
Doctor : I got it. Let me proceed with the symptom investigation. Have you experienced abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes I have.
Doctor : Do you have difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19584
Patient : Why do I have muscle pain?
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17701
Patient : I'm struggling with diminished hearing.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 7519
Patient : Doctor, I have a terrible cough. One night I had been doing so well but woke up with a hard cough. I was crying (the coughing is horrible) because I was so miserable.
Doctor : That hurts me to hear that. Do you have difficulty in swallowing?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Are you experiencing any emotional symptoms?
Patient : Yes, quite frequently.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18233
Patient : I'm experiencing abnormal involuntary movements. I can not guess why it is so? Nothing serious happened earlier.
Doctor : OK, I got it. Do you have back pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 26470
Patient : I have been noticing vaginal discharge. It is since last ten days. I am worried about it.
Doctor : Don't get worried. Do you also have penile discharge?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : Are you experiencing sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yes I have.
Doctor : And is there any vaginal pain?
Patient : Yeah, I have experienced vaginal pain.
Doctor : Looks like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25469
Patient : I'm struggling with infertility.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 29797
Patient : I've been experiencing terrible wrist pain. It wakes me up in the middle of the night and makes me late for work in the morning.
Doctor : I just feel such despair in you when you talk about this. Do you also have shoulder pain?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 25224
Patient : Hi! I have been suffering from peripheral edema issue. Would you please let me know what can I do to cure it?
Doctor : I am sorry to hear that you have to go through edema issue. Let me help you out. Please answer few questions first. So, do you have any skin rash? Please show.
Patient : I guess there is. Please take a look Skin rash
Doctor : It seems that you are having a [MASK].
Dialog id : 13199
Patient : I'm struggling with fears and phobias.
Doctor : You may be having an [MASK].
Dialog id : 21842
Patient : Doctor, I have noticed pus in sputum.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 1954
Patient : I'm struggling with involuntary urination.
Doctor : It seems like [MASK].
Dialog id : 24085
Patient : Doctor, I have been experiencing diminished vision.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 18364
Patient : I have a terrible leg pain. I can not walk. It is untolerable when I walk some distance.
Doctor : Well, I feel your problem. Do you also have knee pain?
Patient : Yes, I have knee pain.
Doctor : Is there any knee swelling? Please show.
Patient : It seems like it Knee swelling.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13720
Patient : Doctor, my baby has a fever. It is during the last 24 hours. At an interval of seven to eight hours, the temperature is rising. She has no shivering.
Doctor : No need to worry. It is quite common among children. Is he/she suffering from diarrhea?
Patient : Yes
Doctor : Is he or she being an irritable infant?
Patient : Yeah
Doctor : Is there any suprapubic pain?
Patient : Yeah, I think so.
Doctor : Your child has a [MASK].
Dialog id : 13929
Patient : Doctor, I have got skin lesion on my buttocks region.
Doctor : Then, most probably you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 1154
Patient : Doctor, I'm struggling with excessive urination at night.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5191
Patient : Doctor, I have been struggling with depression. Why it is so I can't follow. It is from last couple of months I am dealing with. 
Doctor : I think you have some nerve related problem. Do you experience depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : You seem to be having an [MASK].
Dialog id : 11514
Patient : I have been experiencing nausea. I can not make out why it is happening. I was quite well and since last two to three weeks it is so.
Doctor : I need to know the following. Do you have sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes, sometimes.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21087
Patient : Doctor, why am I experiencing ear pain? Sometimes it is so severe that cannot do my work. I am also dealing with hearing trouble.
Doctor : Don't take tension. You will be alright. Are you suffering from diminished hearing?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have a plugged feeling in ear?
Patient : Yes, sometimes.
Doctor : Seems that you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 7572
Patient : Doctor, I'm experiencing abnormal involuntary movements.
Doctor : This may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 68
Patient : Why do I have fears and phobias? I was not so earlier. Only recently I have become so.
Doctor : It appears that you are very fearsome. Your eyes are telling so. Do you have anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : Are you suffering from depression?
Patient : Yes, I've been dealing with depression.
Doctor : Do you get sharp chest pain?
Patient : Quite frequently.
Doctor : It seems that you are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 28344
Patient : Doctor, I'm noticing symptoms of the kidneys. How to get rid of this? Is it curable?
Doctor : I feel the worry you are having. Do you have nausea?
Patient : Yes, sometimes.
Doctor : Looks like you have an [MASK].
Dialog id : 21933
Patient : Doctor, I'm experiencing abnormal involuntary movements. I can't understand why. Can you suggest me a cure? 
Doctor : Did you have any nerve related problem earlier? Do you have any problems with movement?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : The symptoms indicate that you may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 969
Patient : Doctor, I'm struggling with diminished vision. I am very much fearful. May I lose my vision completely?
Doctor : I feel your situation and mental condition. It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 27810
Patient : Doctor, I have been feeling ill. Why is this so? How will I get cured?
Doctor : OK, I understood. Do you have a cough?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13597
Patient : Hi! doc. Please see my skin, Skin rash. Would you please let me know its cause?
Doctor : Are you experiencing itching of skin?
Patient : Right, I have been feeling itching of skin. Do you think this is any allergic reaction?
Doctor : Till now I don't think do you have any allergic reaction, but take care of your diet for few days. Is there any swelling of scrotum?
Patient : Yes, I have noticed that.
Doctor : Looks like you may have [MASK]
Dialog id : 1543
Patient : Doctor, I'm noticing bleeding or discharge from nipple. I am afraid. What is the cause? 
Doctor : It may be due to several reason. Do you have a lump or mass of breast?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24277
Patient : Doctor, I'm experiencing extreme knee pain. I can not walk. It is for the last  one month. 
Doctor : It is quite common among people of your age. Do you also have foot or toe pain?
Patient : Yes, I have toe pain.
Doctor : Do you have problems with movement?
Patient : Yes, sometimes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22323
Patient : Doctor, my child have been feeling itching of skin sensation. I am little worried about his condition. Please help.
Doctor : Don't panic there is nothing serious till now. Does he or she have a skin rash? Please let me know.
Patient : Probably Skin rash.
Doctor : This looks like [MASK].
Dialog id : 28537
Patient : Doctor, I have had abnormal skin appearing for the past few weeks. Am I allergic to something?
Doctor : I understand your problem. It looks like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 23287
Patient : Doctor, I'm experiencing loss of sensation. It is since last one month. Why it is happening? Is there anything to worry?
Doctor : Well, this may happen due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 24387
Patient : Doctor, I have a leg pain. I can not move much. Why it is so?
Doctor : Due to spondilitis it may happen. Do you also have back pain?
Patient : Yeah, I have back pain.
Doctor : Do you have low back pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 19670
Patient : Doctor, I have hand or finger weakness. I was not having such problem. All of a sudden I have it. Is it worry some?
Doctor : Well, you will be cured. Are you experiencing abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yeah, quite often.
Doctor : It looks like you have [MASK]
Dialog id : 1478
Patient : Doctor, I have been feeling fatigue frequently. Whenever I have it I can not do my routine jobs also. How would I be well?
Doctor : It is not a good sign. There may be something to be bothered. Are you experiencing dizziness?
Patient : Yeah, sometimes.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27419
Patient : I've been struggling with depressive or psychotic symptoms. I can't do my routine work. I am bothered about my health.
Doctor : I feel for your case. Do you have disturbance of memory?
Patient : Yes, sometimes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16131
Patient : Why do I have this terrible cough? 
Doctor : It maybe due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 2270
Patient : Doctor, my palm and feet skin is not in good condition. Please check skin rash. What is wrong with me?
Doctor : It looks like rashes. I need to get an better idea of your symptoms, so that I can suggets you the best solution. Let me know if you have got abnormal appearing skin.
Patient : Yes, I do have abnormal appearing skin
Doctor : Let me understand your picture. Do you have back pain?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 9952
Patient : I have been experiencing neck stiffness or tightness. I can't sleep. I can't do my jobs and even can't move to my office. Why it is so?  
Doctor : OK, this kind of problem is quite often encountered. Have you experienced any abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yes, sometimes.
Doctor : Do you have anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It looks like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13788
Patient : Doctor, I've been struggling with depression. I can't follow why it is? 
Doctor : How long you are suffering from this? Do you have anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yeah, I think so.
Doctor : Have you been feeling excessive anger?
Patient : Quite frequently.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 16448
Patient : Doctor, I've been experiencing shortness of breath. It is all of a sudden. I do not have any problem walking. Why it is happening?
Doctor : Yeah I guess. Do you have rib pain?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : It looks like you have [MASK]. 
Dialog id : 27719
Patient : Doctor, I'm struggling with infertility.
Doctor : This may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 6981
Patient : Doctor, I'm struggling with diminished vision.
Doctor : It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 21808
Patient : Doctor, I'm struggling with infertility.
Doctor : It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 17244
Patient : Doctor I am experiencing knee pain. I can't walk normally. I have tried with a knee cap but without any result. 
Doctor : Well, do you have any knee stiffness or tightness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You have [MASK]
Dialog id : 27992
Patient : I have foot or toe pain. I can't move my foot, I can't walk. Why is it so?
Doctor : How do you have got it? Do you have problems with movement?
Patient : Yes, sometimes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13943
Patient : Good evening! doctor. Please check  foot or toe swelling.
Doctor : Looks like you have been suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 25752
Patient : Doctor, I'm facing loss of sensation. Why it is so? Is there any reason to be bothered?
Doctor : OK, do you have leg pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It looks like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 22308
Patient : Doctor, I am experiencing facial pain. It is all of a sudden. Practically I can not guess why it is happening. 
Doctor : I understand, do you have ankle pain?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : Do you feel excessive anger?
Patient : Yes, I feel excessive anger.
Doctor : Are you struggling with excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yes I am.
Doctor : Your symptoms show that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20983
Patient : Why do I have acne or pimples? 
Doctor : You might be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 15270
Patient : Good evening doctor, please have a look at my face, skin growth.
Doctor : I see, it looks like skin growth. To get a better idea of its root cause, tell me, do you have acne or pimples?
Patient : Right doctor.
Doctor : There is nothing to feel insecure about, it's all your heart matters. let me know if you have any skin rash.
Patient : Maybe, see skin rash.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2522
Patient : Doctor, I'm struggling with depression.
Doctor : You may be having an [MASK].
Dialog id : 9304
Patient : Why do I have terrible shoulder pain? I can't do my exercise because of it, why is this happening?
Doctor : I realize your situation, exercise are effective way to stay fit, but having shoulder pain can interfere in doing it. It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 15745
Patient : Doctor, why do I have this terrible cough? It feels like I can't bear the pain everytime it happens, help me.
Doctor : I comprehend your troubles, and how much pain cough causes continously. Do you have bleeding gums?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 12502
Patient : Doctor, I'm struggling with fatigue. I even don't have energy to go to watch cinema, help me.
Doctor : I get your point of view. It can be hard to even entertain oneself when one is dealing with fatigue. Do you have a headache?
Patient : Yes, I have a splitting headache.
Doctor : Are you experiencing loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes I am.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 6455
Patient : Doctor, I'm struggling with infertility. I feel so worried because of it, please help.
Doctor : I understand that it is troublesome condition for you. I will diagnose it. It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 9775
Patient : Doctor, I have been experiencing nausea. It causes me uncomfortable feeling around throat and chest, what's wrong with me.
Doctor : I think I understand your point of view. Its trouble to have such feelings of disturbance around throat. Do you have a headache?
Patient : Yes, I have a splitting headache.
Doctor : You may be suffering from a [MASK].
Dialog id : 5272
Patient : Doctor, I've been struggling with insomnia. I can't wake up at time because of it, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I think I get your condition, it is hard to wake up in morning when one doesn't have had a proper sleep. Are you experiencing loss of sensation?
Patient : Yeah, I think so.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 8850
Patient : I have been noticing symptoms of prostate. It is causing me feel distressful, help me.
Doctor : I'm here to help you, I think such symptoms of prostrate can be source of distress. Are you struggling with impotence?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you experience pain during intercourse?
Patient : Yes, I have noticed that.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17515
Patient : Doctor, I've been struggling with impotence. It is making me feel bad about myself, can you tell its reason.
Doctor : I am concerned about you, it can make one feel disturbed. Are you experiencing excessive urination at night?
Patient : Yeah.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 25973
Patient : Hello! doctor. Please see my shoulder, skin rash. What is wrong with me? 
Doctor : It seems like mites bite. Tell me, have you been vomiting?
Patient : Yes. 
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 5990
Patient : Doctor, please have a look at my hand, Skin dryness, peeling, scaling or roughness.. What is it?
Doctor : It seems like you have been suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 5705
Patient : Why do I have a sharp abdominal pain? It is tearing me apart, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I hear your story, I can realize how hard it is to live in such condition. Have you noticed any penile discharge?
Patient : Yes I have.
Doctor : Are you facing any problems with movement?
Patient : Yeah, I think so.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 8639
Patient : I have an allergic reaction.
Doctor : Do you have peripheral edema?
Patient : You are right. I am suffering from peripheral edema.
Doctor : As per your symptoms, you have an [MASK].
Dialog id : 9580
Patient : I have a terrible wrist pain. I can't use my hand for eating, why is this happening?
Doctor : I totally agree with you, not able to use hands for eating is a problem to be solved. Do you have shoulder cramps or spasms?
Patient : I get frequent shoulder spasms.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20614
Patient : I've been experiencing itching of skin. Is something serious? Do I need to worry?
Doctor : I understand you are concerned about your health. Please do not take tension. First, tell me, do you have skin rash.
Patient : Probably here skin rash
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 4420
Patient : Why do I have pain or soreness of breast? It is hurting me, please help.
Doctor : I understand how you are feeling, let's try to figure out its reason. This may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 13288
Patient : Doctor, I've been struggling with depression. I feel so agitated in life, why is this happening?
Doctor : I feel I immediately need to help you to move out from feeling agitated. Have you been abusing alcohol?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may be suffering from an [MASK].
Dialog id : 12096
Patient : Doctor, I have knee pain. I can't get out of my bed it hurts, please help.
Doctor : I am here for you so that we can diagnose it and move you out of this condition. It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 172
Patient : Doctor, I'm struggling with depression. I try so hard to get out of it but everytime I fail, what's wrong with me?
Doctor : I agree with you, that depression can be hard to overcome, but let's try to diagnose it. Do you have depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : Are you experiencing disturbance of memory?
Patient : Yeah, I think so.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 4726
Patient : I'm exhibiting hysterical behaviour frequently. It makes me behave uncontrollably in a social setting, why is this happening?
Doctor : I realize how difficult you must have felt when you are infront of people. Do you do drug abuse?
Patient : Sometimes.
Doctor : Do you have a sharp chest pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 10172
Patient : Doctor, I am having some skin moles on my body. I am a bit terrified as I feel one mole has grown in size in the last few weeks. 
Doctor : I am so sorry to hear this. If that ever happened to me, I would feel the same. Do you have any abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes, I do have that. 
Doctor : Alright, do you have any skin rash?
Patient : Maybe here Skin rash.
Doctor : Looks like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 400
Patient : Doctor, I have acne or pimples.
Doctor : Show if you have any skin swelling.
Patient : True, I am having Skin swelling problem.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11826
Patient : Doctor, I've been experiencing depressive or psychotic symptoms. I feel ending my own life, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I think I can't sit quitely after hearing you talk like this. Let's figure it out its cause. Do you have dizziness?
Patient : I feel dizziness frequently.
Doctor : Looks like you're suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 15797
Patient : I am having itching of skin recently. What can be it's cause, doctor? My whole body feels very itchy and is red due to this. Please tell me a way to cure this.
Doctor : If that ever happened to me, I would feel irritated. So please don't blame yourself. Do you have any skin rash on your body?
Patient : Here, I guess skin rash
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 20241
Patient : Hello! doctor. Please check my foot, foot or toe swelling. What is wrong with it?
Doctor : It seems that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21299
Patient : Doctor, I think I have a decreased heart rate. I feel uneasy because of it, help me.
Doctor : Okay, I think I get you are feeling uncomfortable because your heart is beating slowly than usual. It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 29081
Patient : Doctor, I have a terrible headache. Its pain is tearing me apart, please help.
Doctor : I feel that I need to work desperately to help you move out of this condition. Are you experiencing any abnormal involuntary movements?
Patient : Yeah, I think so.
Doctor : Do you have anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes, I have anxiety.
Doctor : You may be suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 24333
Patient : I have hand or finger pain. I can't hold my mobile phone properly, can you tell its reason?
Doctor : I comprehend such intense finger pain, and how it can make your life difficult as you can't hold mobile phone to pickup important calls. Do you have loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : And do you have wrist pain?
Patient : Yes, I have wrist pain.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17142
Patient : Doctor, I have itching of skin. Is it some kind of skin allergy? I have never had this before in my life.
Doctor : That's something I have struggled with too. Please tell me, do you have any skin lesion? 
Patient : Yes, I am having a skin lesion. 
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 2926
Patient : Doctor, I'm struggling with depression. It makes my mood to become irritable, help me.
Doctor : I can feel how challenging depression can be to control behaviour. Do you experience depressive or psychotic symptoms?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may have an [MASK].
Dialog id : 26226
Patient : Doctor, I have noticed weight gain.
Doctor : Are you suffering from infertility?
Patient : Yes, I have infertility.
Doctor : Show if you have any skin growth.
Patient : I am not sure but please take a look here  Skin growth.
Doctor : Do you have any warts?
Patient : Yes, I think I am having some warts. 
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 10208
Patient : I have diminished vision.
Doctor : Do you have mass on eyelid?
Patient : Yes definitely, I am having a Mass on eyelid. What's my diagnosis doctor?
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 11305
Patient : Doctor, something is wrong with my eye. Please check it,  eye redness
Doctor : I see. It looks like you have got [MASK] disease.
Dialog id : 3759
Patient : Doctor, I'm experiencing pain in testiicles. It hurts intensely, please help.
Doctor : You are in lot of pain, I can feel it. Do you have groin pain?
Patient : Yes I do.
Doctor : Do you have lower body pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 27385
Patient : My baby has suprapubic pain. It is painful, help me.
Doctor : I understand how important it is for you to get well soon. Does he or she have diarrhea?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : He or she has [MASK].
Dialog id : 12365
Patient : Doctor, I have a back pain. It is like stabbing sensation, help me.
Doctor : Having a backpain can sure make life painful. Do you also have side pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : It looks like you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 28896
Patient : Doctor, I have sharp chest pain. It is causing burning sensation in my chest.
Doctor : I realize your condition. Its difficult to bear chest pain. Do you have ache all over?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have neck pain?
Patient : I have neck pain.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 24528
Patient : I have been dealing with low self esteem. I am unable to get along with people, help me.
Doctor : I can see how lonely you must have felt because of it. Are you suffering from depression?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You are having an [MASK].
Dialog id : 20753
Patient : Hi! I have got something on my arm area. Please examine it,  skin rash
Doctor : It looks like allergic reaction. Are you allergic to some substance. If yes, please avoid getting in touch with it. Please answer, do you have abnormal appearing skin?
Patient : Yes, recently I am having some Abnormal appearing skin on my body. At first, I didn't notice them but yesterday I saw it is spreading quickly. Is it something serious?
Doctor : I don't think these are serious issues. But, are you having any skin lesion nowadays?
Patient : Definitely, I have a big Skin lesion on my hand. It is also a bit painful to touch.
Doctor : That's something I have had a few years ago. Lesions can sometimes be painful. Please don't touch them. Do you have a swollen eye?
Patient : Do not know, please see Swollen eye.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 7005
Patient : Doctor, I'm suffering from painful urination. It feels like burning whenever urine comes out.
Doctor : I hear what you say. It is hard to go to urine when it is painful. Have you noticed any penile discharge?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : You have [MASK].
Dialog id : 13782
Patient : Doctor, I have ache all over. I feel pain every time I slightly move my body, please help.
Doctor : I agree with what you are saying that it hurts severly when one tries any movement. Do you have back pain?
Patient : Yes, I have back pain.
Doctor : And do you have low back pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Alright. And do you have sharp abdominal pain?
Patient : Yeah, quite frequently.
Doctor : You may have [MASK].
Dialog id : 21033
Patient : Doctor, I've been suffering from palpitations.
Doctor : It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 22130
Patient : Doctor, my child has diarrhea.
Doctor : Does he or she have a fever?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Is your child having any itching of skin?
Patient : Correct, he is having Itching of skin recently. The skin has become red due to itchiness. Is there any cure for this?
Doctor : Oh no! Such a poor baby. He is going through a lot. Is there any skin swelling near the affected area?
Patient : You are right, he is also dealing with Skin swelling.
Doctor : This is [MASK].
Dialog id : 3734
Patient : Doctor, I'm suffering from knee pain. I can't go on doing my football practice, help me.
Doctor : Having knee pain can really affect our ability to play football. It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 881
Patient : Doctor, I am suffering from seizures. Because of it I am losing my awareness, help me. 
Doctor : I can feel the pain you feel. Life can be sad if one loses awareness of joyful moments. Do you have a headache?
Patient : Yes, I have a headache.
Doctor : Have you experienced any loss of sensation?
Patient : Yes, I have.
Doctor : Do you have problems with movement?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Your symptoms indicate that you have [MASK].
Dialog id : 17902
Patient : Why am I experiencing shortness of breath? It feels I am out of breath, help me.
Doctor : I understand what you are going through, without proper breath its hard to live with. It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 11613
Patient : I have knee pain.
Doctor : Do you have foot or toe pain?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you have foot or toe swelling?
Patient : I am not quite certain Foot or toe swelling.
Doctor : Do you have wrist pain?
Patient : Yeah, I do.
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK].
Dialog id : 28944
Patient : I've been experiencing abnormal involuntary movements. It is causing sudden jerking of my arm muscles, please help.
Doctor : I can understand how hard it is to control sudden jerking. It may be due to [MASK].
Dialog id : 1563
Patient : Doctor, I'm suffering from palpitations. Sometimes my heart beat irregularly, please help. 
Doctor : I am here so that you move out of this condition. Do you have anxiety and nervousness?
Patient : Yes.
Doctor : Do you suffer from insomnia?
Patient : Yes, I have insomnia. 
Doctor : You are suffering from [MASK].
